Poll: Most Americans support passing a law to protect Mueller
The rule of law, civil liberties, and civil rights - these are not our burdens.
Rudy Giuliani, 2 months ago: Michael Cohen "is an honest, honorable lawyer"; Rudy Giuliani, last night: Michael Cohen is a pathological lawyer, and has been so for years.
'Trump has the best brain. He should represent himself. No one can do a better job than him, believe me. '
"Good, I hope he doesn't get a lawyer and he decides to represent himself. It'll be even more fun watching The Mueller take him down."
"There's a good chance I may have committed some light treason."
"I'm as qualified as lots of the people he's appointing to various government positions. I took a law class in high school. I'll gladly take some easy money."
'I want to be there when Trump goes down.\n\nI want to party when Trump goes down.\n\nI want to laugh when Trump goes down.\n\nI want to be there when Trump goes down.'
'yeah they definitely did nothing wrong /s'
"He won't have a problem finding someone. He will have a problem finding someone experienced and smart enough to work on a case of this level.\n\n"
'Why would any competent lawyer attach their cart to the shit show that is the trump presidency?'
"Trump is bad at the truth. I'm pretty sure that one can usually tell the truth by assuming the opposite of whatever Trump has said."
"Exactly. I'm pretty sure most lawyers who looked into the case would have used their connections and realise that this case is unwinnable.\n"
'This is actually a terrible idea.  There’s protection laws in place about having the right to competent legal counsel as determined by the courts.  Him representing himself could benefit him in having stuff thrown out due to lack of effective counsel.'
"I disagree with this. Everyone deserves competent legal representation.   Someone like Mueller vs a client without a lawyer, and we'll never be sure if it was justice being served.\n\nAnd it will be infinity more satisfying taking the lying dirtbag down with a lawyer by him side.  "
'Wow that really was a disaster..\n\nMy favorite part of the whole thing is how critical he is of Stormy Daniels insinuation that she was threatened.. but when it comes time to talk about the threats Michael Cohen made he just kinda brushes it off like “nahhhh he’s not like like that. Nahhhhh he didn’t mean it that way, hes so nice!” But when it comes time for Stormy Daniels’ statement he gets defensive. “SHE WAS INSINUATING THAT MY CLIENT..” \n\nSo.. i guess their best defense is.. don’t pay attention to what they said pay attention to what they meant.. it reminds me of the south park episode where they bring in Jonny Cochran and his famous “Chewbacca” defense... although i think that really would work better for Cohen at this point..'
'so that fox news lady now has a show on nbc? huh? and that choen guy loves his boss and is loyal and pays 130k just because?\n\nwtf is wrong with this universe?'
'THE BEST PEOPLE'
'It’s like at some point, they decided that their best legal defense was to admit to everything on live television. '
'Only the best and brightest, folks'
'He’s actually doing a pretty good job representing Cohen given the circumstances.'
'It feels so good to read this after I’ve seen too many people begin to post her videos and become her fan without truly knowing how influential she was for the viewers of Fox News. I hope her current target audience knows that the women she cares about are white women. '
'Outing them all for the rest of their careers is all we can do.  I hope someone like poppinkream makes a nice summary when the dust settles - one that we can collectively link to that spells out everyfuckingthing.'
'She has also effectively been a mouth piece for Russian state TV. She’s done several interviews with Putin. In these interviews, she asks Putin if he meddled in the 2016 election. Of course he says no, and she can’t even *defend her claim*. So now soundbites of her interviews are played on RT all day long m. She’s a sorry excuse for a journalist who is just taking advantage of the little good will people have for her after she left Fox News.'
'It is how rich people win court cases. File bullshit until your opponent runs out of money for legal fees'
'Entertaining, but my God.  I lost a lot of respect for Daniel’s lawyer when he pulled out that cutout of Cohen.  I don’t know what is his end-game.  Playing to the court of public opinion serves what purpose?  How does that help his client?  He’s a *very* good lawyer, and he’s got to know that his contention that the contact is null and void because it wasn’t signed is going to get laughed out of court.'
'I definitely wish she had been meaner to him. '
"Yeah, considering his mental deficiencies, he's doing a pretty good job getting them both disbarred."
"I hope he achieves peace in the Middle East before the indictment, because he's totally qualified, right?!??"
'I’d love nothing more than to see Kushy in a jumpsuit. '
'He he\n\n>At least one firm, Mercury Public Affairs, passed up the opportunity to work with Kushner’s team, people familiar with the discussions said. Mercury’s lobbying work has also come under scrutiny by Mueller, which could have complicated its ability to represent Kushner.\n\n>Michael McKeon, a partner at Mercury, declined to comment. The firm, which has not been accused of wrongdoing by Mueller’s team, has said it is cooperating with investigators.'
'Pretty much anything he did could be pardoned by Trump. The task of PR people is to make that option seem palatable to the American people.'
'I’m sure he’s super-de-duper close to that peace accord. I mean, Trump already gave away a huge piece of leverage when he recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel without getting squat in return. That’s how this works, right?!?!'
'George Mitchell was on Pod Save the World about a month and a half ago or so. He said something like this:  \n  \n“I spent an entire career in public service, as senator and later special envoy to Northern Ireland. I helped broker the Good Friday Agreement and settle a conflict that was nearly a century long, and I took nearly five years to do it. Jared Kushner is 36 and has zero experience in international affairs nor diplomacy. He is apparently more qualified to take on the single most difficult diplomatic problem of our times based on the person he’s married to.”  \n  \nYou know the guy that wrote the Mitchell report on steroids in baseball too? This guy said that about Kushner and how that assignment is an insult to all diplomats working for the US. And further expanding on this, I truly believe Kushner is doing this as a direct favor for Sheldon Adelson, Trump’s other billionaire owner. Pushing the Jerusalem/Israeli settlements issue is a major goal for Adelson. This reeks of his grubby little fingers in the pie. '
'I laughed at that too, but it’s actually a pretty decent defense: dealing with media inquiries can be extremely time consuming, and it’s understandable that a lawyer could be too busy to do it all themselves. That’s why Flynn has what, 7 lawyers? '
"Mueller is prepared for such a thing. There are many, many precautions in place. There are already 30+ sealed indictments (perhaps more, if someone can correct me) that have already been filed with the grand jury. Moves have been made on the state level so that if Mueller is fired, he will just change roles and continue on. Things are WAY TOO far along for this thing to be stopped. Despite the crazies on the Right, Mueller has BROAD bipartisan support at many levels of the goverment. This thing can't be stopped by Trump firing someone. Doens't work that way. I think all this noise you are hearing is the Right trying to force Mueller's hand. They want to know what he is sitting on, or more likely, they know what he is sitting on and they need him to make it public so they can make their next move. Trust and believe in the Special Council. Trump and his fellow congressional turds can't just shut down the investigation, as much as they wish they could. "
"Oh sweetie.  Why don't you go back to your special place in r/The_Donald/ and let the grown-ups deal with reality."
' yeah it makes sense that in his situation, swaying public opinion could be beneficial. '
'That was easily my favorite comment. They have "passed up the opportunity" to represent kushner'
'Ok, but are you sure? Seems like the GOP are moving to remove him and shut down his entire probe/investigation. '
'Excellent, absolutely excellent. That’s music to my ears. Thank you for the info. '
"For people that are obsessed with Mueller you sure don't seem to watch the special council, you just wait to be told what to think and post by the top post on /r/politics of the day."
'Yeah sure..... "found evidence" ;) sure, they _JUST_ found out.....'
'But are they really? One thing I have learned by going to court a couple times is that the highest paid lawyer wins. Also, with all the judges this administration is appointing what are the chances one if these cases falls at the feet of one of his appointed judges? '
'lol ok T_D troll'
'Well, I do post on t_d, not going to argue that. Being people of justice, as you all are here in t_m, you should be concerned that our our DOJ and FBI are illegally granting warrants to spy on political opposition. No? '
'The Simpson testimony released yesterday.  This is the bit I"m referring to:\n\n"The Turkey-Russia connection I think is\n\ndeeper than is generally understood. I think that the Turkey-Russia -- I think that\nthe influence campaign that General Flynn got caught up In is reflective of that.\nAnd I think it\'s not been excavated. And I think that Roger Stone may have\nconnections to that matter that are unexplored.\nMR. SCHIFF: Why do you say that?\nMR. SIMPSON: Things I heard from sources.\n\nI think Ted Malloch is an\n\nimportant person in this whole picture. And he may have had some role in all\nthat.\n\nHe is an interesting person who crosses over from Brexit, UKIP, Trump, and\n\nthe Turkey-Russia issue.\n\nAnd then the last thing I would add is, you know, we\n\nhaven\'t talked about Deutsche Bank at all. You know, I think they obviously know\na fair bit.\n\nBut they are obviously within your subpoena power, and I am assuming\n\nyou probably already asked them to provide information."\n\n\n'
'Yeah ok, have fun with that. Your trolling efforts are so fucking obvious. Keep going, you have an audience.'
"You think that a huge multinational bank is going to launch an investigation due to the request of a 3rd party private investigator firm?  If they had this information previously, why are they just telling us about it now, hours after it was corroborated publicly?\n\nThey're trying to cover their own asses now, and make it appear that they are cooperating. "
"Trying to explain KYC rules to a non-1% Trump supporter feels like trying to get the wind to play fetch.  It's an interesting, if futile, experiment."
'This sub is pure kabuki theatre. The day will come when they will disband like a ton of cockroaches in response to the bright light of truth.'
'Dowd was his best lawyer, it’s going to be hard to find a replacement when the recruiting pitch is :\n\n“Hey, would you like to join my legal team full of idiots and face Robert Mueller in court? Keep in mind, I will use Twitter to routinely torpedo any strategy you come up with.”'
'Not to worry. I found the perfect law firm for Trump http://images2.onionstatic.com/avclub/5711/41/original/640.jpg'
'> President Donald Trump\'s lead lawyer, John Dowd, has resigned from the President\'s personal legal team handling the response to the Russia investigation.\n\n> Dowd\'s resignation comes as Trump has stepped up his attacks on special counsel Robert Mueller and days after Dowd said in a statement the investigation should end, initially claiming he was speaking for the President before saying he was only speaking for himself.\n\nJumping from the sinking ship.\n\n> "I love the President and wish him well,"\n\nDowd said in a statement to CNN\'s Gloria Borger.\n\n> "John Dowd is a friend and has been a valuable member of our legal team. We will continue our ongoing representation of the President and our cooperation with the Office of Special Counsel," said Jay Sekulow, counsel to the President.\n\n\nFrom the Washington Post \n\n> Trump added former U.S. attorney Joe diGenova to his legal team last week. And on Monday, The Post reported that Trump had urged his aides to reach out to legal superstar and former solicitor general Theodore B. Olson to join as his lawyer as he faces a likely interview with the Special Counsel’s investigative team and scrutiny for possible obstruction of justice.\n\nDowd\'s Statement from last week before his resignation\n\n>“I pray that Acting Attorney General Rosenstein will follow the brilliant and courageous example of the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility and Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring an end to alleged Russia Collusion investigation manufactured by McCabe’s boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent and corrupt Dossier,” Dowd said in an emailed statement.'
'The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job.  \nDonald J. Trump, 6:41 AM - 11 Mar 2018 (Twitter)'
'The books about Trump’s presidency will be awesome. '
'The BEST'
'**THE BEST PEOPLE**'
"In his mind, trump thinks fighting IS winning. In life, he gets away with it because of the money he has. Even when loses, he never feels it cause he's still rich and he tells himself he won afterwards. So he has spent all of his life acting like a jackass doing anything he wants and thinking he's winning when he's actually losing.\n\nSo for him to say no to mueller's interview is unimaginable. He would view that as losing. His mind works based off on a win/lose mentality and that fighting in of itself is winning. For once in his life maybe he will see what losing really is"
"> I'm sure he quit because of how innocent Trump is, right?\n\nDo you even know how lawyers work?"
'I think trump appearing in front of Mueller could be the very best piece of video ever.'
"At his level they'll decline a paycheck to protect their reputation as well.  Working for the POTUS is fantastic at getting you other high-powered clients as long as it isn't *this* POTUS.  Nobody wants to hire the lawyer whose client was impeached and potentially jailed."
'the prequel was pretty good! '
'I mean a candidate basically colluding with a foreign adversary to win the presidency should be way bigger of a history lesson for generations. But like you said, I feel like the era of post-truth will make it seem just less than important than Watergate was.'
'> I keep imagining a kid learning about all this awful stuff in school and then going home to grandpa to talk about it. Whereupon Grandpa starts ranting about how Trump was the greatest president ever.\n\nI think the vast majority of the MAGA people will distance themselves from Trump once he\'s proven to be completely ineffective (which thankfully he is, barely passing one piece of legislation with both houses of Congress ostensibly on his side) and when Mueller takes him down with hard proof that he worked with Putin they\'ll immediately pretend they never liked him that much anyway.  \n\nThese aren\'t people with long attention spans or strong convictions other than rooting for their "team", once their team has a new captain they\'ll move on from the old one pretty quickly IMHO.'
"> For instance, a lawyer may be required to resign if he knows his client intends to commit perjury. It’s actually a complicated issue when balanced with a lawyer’s duty to zealously defend a client.\n\nLawyer here. This is almost certainly what's going on. It's a signal that Dowd is very, very sure that Trump would commit a crime (e.g., perjury or obstruction of justice). In that circumstance, he would have an ethical obligation to report on his own client. No attorney wants to do that--it's horribly injurious to your reputation and will understandably put you in a ton of hot water with the bar, who's going to micro-analyze everything that led up to the predicament. And if you have a client like Trump, good lord. He would sue you in every way possible.\n\nSo yeah, he's resigning before he triggers his ethical obligation to narc on his boi.\n\nIf I were Dowd, I'd be putting my malpractice insurance carrier on notice ASAP. That would be a hilarious letter. \n\n> Dear Insurance Company, \n\n> You see this shit on the news? Yeah. All that.\n\n> Holla back,\n\n> Johnny D"
"That's a surprisingly good Alec Baldwin impression he's doing there."
'What will really be fun is giving him immunity for his testimony, therefore negating his 5th amendment right. Should be fun times ahead'
'Hopefully he has a better lawyer than the US President!'
'I just really love this meme.'
"That's an interesting question.  I don't know, but I would think that the answer would be;\n\n* Yes, he can be granted immunity unilaterally.\n\n* No, he can't be forced to answer if granted that immunity.\n\nBetter to make the immunity contingent on cooperation.\n\nIf that was not the case, prosecutors could just grant a blanket immunity to all people in an organization -- but not their targets.  This could backfire if the people targeted are actually innocent while some of the people given immunity aren't.  At that point, the guilty (non-targeted) would just tell what they did and they would get away with it.\n\nThere are other possible failures if this was possible, but these at least would be an issue."
"I made this comment in anouther thread:\n\nIt might mean he's innocent of what he's accused of, but to make statements on it, he might admit to guilt in other crimes.\n\ni.e. No officer, I didn't kill my wife, I couldn't of, I was killing her sister at that time.\n\n(I think he's guilty, but that's for the courts to prove)\n\nAditionally, the Fifth is an important right, to quote wikipedia: this evidentiary privilege ensures that defendants cannot be compelled to become witnesses at their own trials."
'> Defense: "If I answer that question, it will incriminate me as having taken part in the crime. Therefore, I invoke my right to not do that."\n\nYou don\'t have to be guilty of the crime you\'re accused of (or any other crime), to plead the 5th, you just need to have reasonable cause to fear that your testimony might  falsely implicate you in some crime.\n\n> The Supreme Court of Ohio here held that a witness who denies all culpability does not have a valid Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. Because **[our precedents dictate that the privilege protects the innocent as well as the guilty](https://caselaw.findlaw.com/us-supreme-court/532/17.html)**, and that the facts here are sufficient to sustain a claim of privilege, we grant the petition for certiorari and reverse.\n\n> ...\n\n> We have held that the privilege\'s protection extends only to witnesses who have "reasonable cause to apprehend danger from a direct answer." Id., at 486. That inquiry is for the court; the witness\' assertion does not by itself establish the risk of incrimination. Ibid. A danger of "imaginary and unsubstantial character" will not suffice. Mason v. United States, 244 U. S. 362, 366 (1917). But we have never held, as the Supreme Court of Ohio did, that the privilege is unavailable to those who claim innocence. To the contrary, we have emphasized that one of the Fifth Amendment\'s "basic functions ... is to protect innocent men ... \'who otherwise might be ensnared by ambiguous circumstances.\' " Grunewald v. United States, 353 U. S. 391, 421 (1957) (quoting Slochower v. Board of Higher Ed. of New York City, 350 U. S. 551, 557-558 (1956)) (emphasis in original). In Grunewald, **we recognized that truthful responses of an innocent witness, as well as those of a wrongdoer, may provide the government with incriminating evidence from the speaker\'s own mouth**. 353 U. S., at 421-422.'
"this was nothing more than them trying to keep trumps demographic. they know they are going to have to impeach him, so they are doing as much as possible to make it look like they are 100 percent behind him before they impeach him and hope to god they don't go down the shitter as well for this russia stuff."
'My working theory: Trump has been told he is now a target.\n\nThe ironically named "Freedom Caucus" chose to display to Trump what good puppets they are for him.'
"> His personal finances are about to be revealed. \n\nThat sounds great. Do you have a source for this or reason you think it's the case?"
"They need to win the primary first. Get on the wrong side of trump and they'll be up against a pro trump primary challenger. It's not about the district flipping yet, it's about getting to contest the election. Already happened to one incumbent who was mildly critical of trump but had a perfect voting record. "
'Lol too little, too late, guys. You saddled up with him. Now enjoy the ride.'
"No, mostly Gowdy who was the most outspoken member of congress about the Clinton benghazigate shit. Gowdy is pretty well regarded as a partisan hack, but he was well respected prosecutor before entering politics. The most important note is that he is from a very safe district in SC.  He recently made the announcement he is retiring from politics. Speculation is he knows shit is about to hit the fan and he's distancing himself from the crazy. He's seen things, and they ain't pretty. "
"But... The answer to OP's rhetorical question is still yes. Gowdy *did* help draft the memo and *did* vote to release it, regardless what he's since said. "
"That place needs more love, but I guess Russian bots aren't into throwing out support for their own politicians."
'That doesn\'t tell us anything about whether the approval rate should be as high as it is, though. You can\'t use "the warrants are only applied for when they know they\'ll be approved" as a stand-in for "the warrants must be justified" while ignoring that we don\'t know what the bar for approval is.'
'Has Avenatti considered a career in politics? You know, for when he’s done tinkering as a race car driver or bringing justice unto privileged, rich, corrupt men. '
'Have we ever had a ruthless, intelligent attorney as a President? I know Obama was an extremely intelligent civil rights attorney but I don\'t think anyone would call him "ruthless", lol. Might be fun to have this guy give press conferences every day and slay his opposition. '
"Omg I know. I've been following this investigation for a few months- all I do is look at updates for this investigation.\n\nI tell people this is like watching a movie except 20 times more exciting "
"I feel like he's pretty aware of what he's up against but yeah that's a concern. "
'☝️let me tell you about collusion\n👐and I know collusion, believe me.\n👈we have the best colluders\n👌very honourable👌'
"Would make our current geriatric president look pretty foolish, that's for sure, lol"
'So chances are pretty high that either Cohen has flipped or will flip soon?\n'
"Hey to be fair.... he's a slumlord so it actually checks out. There's a good chance Cohen explained llcs and the shady business practices he was involved with.  That's not exactly the best defense but hey he's more honest than Cohen's other two clients. By a very small margin."
"I agree.   There is some shady stuff going on with these three.   It's just a question of how long it takes to root it out.\n\nI would absolutely LOVE it if Hannity were involved in collusion though.  Nothing would be better than to see him stripped of the millions he made lying to the American public and foisting a turd like Trump on us."
"The Senate laughed at his offer.  They clearly knew something the rest of us didn't."
"Honest question. Why conveniently dismiss the attempted silent coup right under Muellers' nose? It took the IG to rat them out. Mind you, these people were top investigators and influencers in the country's highest executive legal institution. \n\nEdit: Rumor is more top people at the FBI are going to fall."
'Why are you giving them credit for having balls?  Got any evidence to backup your claim?'
"Thought you guys liked draining the swamp? A good ole investigation should help. Evidence is for the court, so let's see where it goes! Surely an innocent person wouldn't be worried."
"Did you watch Trumps crowd at the night of the election? Very classy crowd there.  All parties have their underclass - that's the way it is."
'ROFL DiGenova is the bottom of the barrel and even he was a hard pass.'
'Now that is some great material for /r/IamVeryBadass'
'*Vague but implicative short reply to try and sound intelligent or superior*'
'Master memesmith here, one who can see into the mind of the very OP who made it, knowing exactly why they made it. I am honored to be in your presence oh wise one.'
'This is surprisingly accurate.  Russia is now planning to coordinate action in Syria with US Troops per an agreement made during the talks.  \n\nhttps://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-military-offers-cooperate-us-syria-56640411'
"Yeah, but Trump and the GOP are so inept it will take awhile.  Hopefully long enough for me to die.\n\nIf not, I also bought a boat.  I'll just sail away and find a nice deserted island."
"Compare their redactions to the originals. They've practically highlighted all the best parts."
"The guy is legit. Glad he's on the good guys side."
"Great quote from a great man. I hope he finds some serious illegalities, but if he doesn't, I trust that he did his best and left no stone unturned."
"It's pretty Reaganesque, on a good day with one of his better speechwriters."
'DJ Trump spins the best lies.'
"The speaker in this video, Matt Gaetz, is a traitor and a conman. He is an embarrassment to our politics and our country. It's a shame our electorate thought it was a good idea to vote him in. \n\nOn the other hand, this video will make great campaign ad for his opponent when all the shit wafts from the White House and he's up for reelection. There is no better proof that inexorably links this idiot to Trump than this video."
'So he doesn\'t like the fact that Mueller is somehow "unaccountable," but he wants to hire two other special counsels to investigate uranium one and fusion gps? Wouldn\'t those be just as unaccountable?\n\nHypocrite much?\n\nAlso, who is this guy talking to? This practice night or something?'
'If Paul Ryan was actually supporting Mueller, I think he probably would have replaced Devin Nunes as head of the HIC like a year ago.'
'The moment Trump openly displeasure with Mueller and the investigation (i.e. calling for his resignation/removal), good boy Ryan will flip and yip just like Master Trump wishes. '
"As far as the investigation goes he [does](http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/05/politics/paul-ryan-robert-mueller/index.html), I don't know about other stuff though so I edited my comment. \n\nHe was friends with the freedom caucus in the past, and he's speaker, so I doubt anything will come from the House."
"I'd love to see those tappings"
'Yeah, but TBH Chris Hayes has been pretty good with these guys.\n\n"Last time you were on this show you talked about how important it was for you to avoid a deficit. So how were you able to vote for the tax bill with a gigantic deficit?"\n\nI think it was a Chris Hayes interview with Gaetz where Hayes just started laughing.'
"I'm a big fan of good honest debate where both sides have something to offer."
'MSNBC definitely has a liberal bias although I do watch to get my Russia fix.  I like the SE Cupp show on CNN Headline News.  She is a libertarian but generally has a good group of informed panelists on both sides.'
