Donald Trump Mocked Both John McCain, Who Is Dying, and George H.W. Bush, Who Just Lost His Wife, At Montana Rally
McCain: Trump’s CIA pick was involved in ‘one of the darkest chapters in American history’
John McCain mocks Donald Trump’s deferment ‘bone spurs’ (without naming him)
McCain scolds Trump for missing Russian sanctions deadline
"This man gets a lot of hate, but I think he's someone that the GOP needs and the party will be even worse without him. "
'If only he had the chance to block one of the judges...'
'Where the fuck was this version of John McCain when he ran against Obama? '
"McCain is literally brain damaged. It's not right that he continues to work. "
'I really worry what will happen if the status-quo is upheld.'
"Of course McCain wants to stop gerrymandering now.  He's facing a humongous Democrat majority in a wave-election soon.  He wants to lock-in all the gerrymandering the Republicans have done in the past - while preventing the Democrats from gerrymandering any districts back."
"Guess now that his time is running short and he'll no longer be receiving large sums of money for campaigns he's decided to choose the correct side."
'How about returning control of the internet to the people and away from total assholes like Ajit Pai?'
'His words are meaningless as long as he keeps voting for everything trump wants.'
'He says, after a career of receiving millions in donations to disregard the will of the people.'
'How sad is that it takes an almost certain death sentence to actually free up politicians to act for the betterment of the people.'
'I feel like he means well and keeps trying to do well, but because of the political game he has to occasionally say stupid shit to support his party, which is where the garbage and bullshit he says comes from. Allowing him to work on actual stuff and stay in a position to make change like this.'
"So he's tired of his party actively stealing elections?"
"Of course gerrymandering is out of control, I think most rational people can agree with that.  It completely locks down districts for both Republicans and Democrats.  The problem lies in *how* you fix it in a fair way.  I don't have much hope for this until a valid approach is put forth."
'Oh hey, an angry worded letter.'
'More empty words from McCain.'
'Oh yeah, forgot this sub is just a circlejerk of hating Trump.'
'Go fuck yourself McCain '
'Prove it by not voting for noxious morons pls'
'No you don’t. You are an enemy and need to be treated as such. Bush twice and Trump once within 15 years are a clear sign that the US doesn’t belong to the western world anymore. '
"The sad fact is, this isn't true. Trump has managed to convince millions of his base that everyone else has been taking advantage of us and are out to get us."
'McCain is all talk and no action.'
'Fuck you McCain!'
"That's almost as meaningful as some hopes and prayers, and being very concerned.  Seriously, I'm so fucking sick of hearing emotional please from the motherfuckers who actually have the power to do something.  SHUT THE FUCK UP AND TAKE ACTION ASSHOLE."
'America to McCain: "Get the legislature to do something about him. We\'re tired of words as Trump burns America down."'
'Americans to McCain: "Just shut up until you decide to do something."\n\nHe had a lot of things that he can do to send a strong message, whoever the old McCain was that person is long gone though. He is a coward that talks a lot but has no action to back anything he says in recent years.'
"McCain can tweet all he wants, the actions from the House and Senate speak louder than tweeted words. \n\nThe rest of the world isn't as stupid as the GOP voter base. The constant disinformation might work on Joe the Plumber from Alabama but high level European politicians and ambassadors aren't fooled by some 'expert' from Fox who says Trump is an economic genius. We know what the fuck is up. \n\nAmerica, we are taking a 2-6 year break from you. Don't call us, we'll call you. "
'These are the exact words we need to hear right now. This madness has gone too far. Congress needs to go beyond partisans views and step up. \n\nGet your sht together America. '
'No you don’t. Republicans want this. Your colleagues want to fuck with my country because you’re a cowardly rich boy. '
'If only the whole GOP stood with America in this time of need. Dump this Trump now. It can’t wait.'
'McCain taking the heat for the more vulnerable senators by going this early. '
"YESSSS\n\nAlthough Murkowksi needs to come out soon with a decision. I don't trust Paul even though hes been a firm no"
'This kills the Republican Party. '
'Since no one else has yet said precisely this:\n\nThank you, Senator McCain.'
"I don't trust McCain's word. "
"RIP Trump and his legacy. \n\nDonnie, you're going in the garbage can of history. You will die in jail."
'lawl\n\nI bet r/conservative is screeching for this guy to die right now'
"Don't trust his word. He's a republican after all. Keep calling and putting pressure."
'Keep CALLING. Keep Protesting. We have until the 30th to breath a little. '
'Holy shit, how many times are they going to try to do this?'
'Dear Republicans, how many times are you going to attempt to fuck over the American people?'
'Give up already.. Geez. \n\nFind another way to inflict suffering upon millions. '
'If you\'re seeing this and you\'re one of the people who argued with me yesterday about how "It\'s McCain, he\'ll vote for it..."\n\nI\'ll wait patiently for my apology to arrive...'
'Is the a gif of McCain beating down GOP healthcare bills with a chair in a WWF arena?  Because there ought to be.'
"Don't let this distract from the fact Trump thought you pay 12 dollars a year for healthcare and only get it once you're 70, all because he saw a Gerber LIFE insurance  commercial on Fox News "
">President Donald Trump warned on Twitter on Friday, “Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as ‘the Republican who saved ObamaCare.’” The president is working the phone on the issue and is “open to having face-to-face meetings,” adviser Kellyanne Conway said on Fox News. “The president is leaning in all the way.”\n\nAnd the entire GOP should be known as the party that after 7 years of pissing and moaning is the party that still has no legitimate plan to follow through on Trump's campaign promises to maintain pre-existing condition coverage and lower premiums. McCain is dead on that this will take bipartisan participation. We need something to stop this polarization of party both in government and of the governed. "
"Fucking Maverick!!! Saving America ain't easy"
'2018 is so weird. Democrats doing their damnedest to keep a Republican (Mueller) in office and the Republicans just shrugging at one of their own wanting to axe Republicans left and right.'
'Talk is cheap, McCain, back that shit up. '
'If Mueller is fired the Republicans will have to learn how to walk faster away from reporters on Capital Hill.'
'And when Mueller is fired, McCain will be "troubled" by it and continue to do nothing.'
'He says all the right stuff, until a vote is called. \n\nWhy do we care what this lying piece of shit says?'
'"Because if he doesn\'t, I\'m going to frown and shake my head SO HARD!"'
'Oh, McCain is deeply disturbed. \n\nThis changes everything.'
"Well yeah... if Mueller get's fired it's a clear sign Trump is guilty. "
"Isn't John McCain all bark and no bite though? "
'Or what John?? Or what??? You’ll just frown disapprovingly and continue to support the treasonous bastard.'
'McCain.   All talk no walk and ends up toeing the republican line.   Time to retire old man.  '
'Blah, blah, blah. Go feed a tiger, ya hypocrite'
"Slow down there, McCain. Wouldn't want you to get the point where you have to say how disturbed you are and then do nothing about it. "
"Doesn't matter, he'll still fire mueller.  What does he have to loose?  If it continues, he'll be charged criminally.  If he fires mueller maybe, maybe the gop will gain a backbone and impeach him."
"And what are you going to do if he doesn't McCain? Write a strongly worded letter? Thats all you've ever done."
'And then he\'ll be "deeply troubled" when Trump fires Mueller later this week.'
'“If Bob is fired, by god, my brow will be furrowed sky-high!”'
"McCain, later: Doesn't look like anything to me."
'This sub flip flops on their opinion of McCain all the time. Quite comical. '
'Or else "he\'ll be deeply disappointed" right?'
"McCain must've been visited by the Ghost of Healthcare Yet To Come while he was indisposed"
"What about all of the democrats who have consistently voted no?\n\nEveryone expects Democrats to vote no.\n\nThese women get credit for voting against expectations. But their consistent behavior has set expectations that they would continue to vote no.  \n\nMcCain was not expected to vote no, yet he did.  That is why he is the exception more than them, and they being republicans are the exception more than the democrats.\n\nBut in reality, 51 Senators are the ones who stopped the ACA repeal. Not 1, not 2, not 3. This is important to remember.  It's not 2 or 3 obstructionist politicians that are stopping the full political will, it is the majority of the elected Senate. \n\nThe elected government does not want the ACA repeal.  It is important to remember that the elected government is not just the president, the president is just one small part of the elected government. "
'You can\'t "save" Obamacare. It has failed and we need a replacement. '
"The maverick Senator who just found out he has brain cancer saving 16,000,000 Americans from losing access to healthcare and poking the eye of a president who said he wasn't a war hero because he got captured makes for a better story.\n\nThink Progress is just being contrary."
"Everyone who voted no deserves credit. And this is from someone who was practically calling for McCain's head the other day. Every one of the people who voted no took a stand."
"saved a failing system \ngreat job.\na couple  just committed suicide by jumping to there deaths because they could not afford it.\nAnd it's not even totally failed yet  "
"McCain took a bullet for the Republican party, because he's gonna be dead soon. It always party over country. They can't pass a bill that only has an 18% approval rating, it would be political suicide for all of them."
'If McCain had voted to not open the debate, then I could see him deserving a share of the credit, but he needs to step back and let Murkowski and Collins take the limelight after sticking to their opposition to this disgrace, even in the face of sever blowback.'
"McCain was the unknown factor and expected to go along until he voted but didn't that is why we are kind of obsessed with it.\n\nI am more concerned about Dean Heller (NV) and Rod Portman (OH). Their governors are vehemently against this bill but voted for it and maybe McCain is deflecting for them."
"You're wrong. McCain decided this thing, as is evidenced by the reaction of the Dems and Republicans in the room when he voted no. Reddit group think is at it again. Give the man credit when it's due."
"Why doesn't McCain use ACA like every other American has to use?\n\nWhy is he turning down VA healthcare, even though he's told many other veterans that it's not only as good, but better than regular healthcare?\n\nHow does [this](https://imgur.com/aQtQpej) campaign ad make any sense compared to his recent actions? The fact he straight up left cancer surgery just to vote on keeping ACA really means he must love ACA. \n\nWhy does [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zeFBguXeCc) of him less than a year ago have him criticizing Democrats for not ammending ACA, but then he recently refuses to repeal or ammend ACA? \n\nMcCain's a fucking liar. Arguable the best, because Arizonans keep voting for him, despite his actions that make no sense whatsoever. "
'Just a couple days ago I read more than a few comments in this sub that were literally celebrating his terminal cancer because he was "trying to keep healthcare from poor people".\n\nNow he actually voted "no" and there a very obvious concerted push to dismiss it.\n\nYou people are fucking nuts.'
'When did this become a dick measuring contest ? Everyone who voted shares in the victory.'
'All three of them did. Stop picking and choosing.'
"He's a loser and so are his supporters."
'60% of Republicans will literally cheer Bush\'s passing as if he were Bin Laden.  This "Deep State" nonsense has turned them into actual America haters.  '
'Can we talk about why Trump is still touring the country and having “campaign rallies”? It’s bizarre. '
'Goldbricker mocks war heroes. Trashy is as trashy does.'
"Who hasn't he mocked? His rallies are nothing but half-assed roasts of his critics. It's not even about policy anymore. He doesn't give numbers or figures. It's all emotions and insults."
"Yet it's dem dirty libhurls who ain't bein' civil!"
'I am a Republican and I hate the comments Trump made. He is a disaster.'
'Trump promotes the hate that his followers have been suppressing for years.  It is that simple.'
"Well I doubt many people will be attending Trump's funeral, except perhaps to expectorate. "
"People where I work (red state): No one will give Trump a chance!\n\nCan we list the things the Obama's got criticized for?\n\n1. Providing school children greater nutrition at lunch!\n2...."
"Why the fuck is he still having campaign rallies?\n\nI'm not American, is that a normal thing presidents do? "
'Two days after July 4 and he mocks a PoW '
"To  this day, I don't get why all of this didn't end when he mocked that disabled reporter."
"My first wife was kind of like Trump and thought that being aggressive and confrontational equated to being tough.  That's not being tough, acting like an asshole just shows how weak you really are."
'Something something blame the left for lack of civility something something Trump #MAGA'
"This is what you get from blind faith from religion coupled w/ sports team mentality(my team is better than yours). Also a fear, fostered by fox/right wing radio, of change/progression. Most of them complain about socialism yet they don't understand that Medicaid, Headstart, SNAP etc. are all paid for by tax payers. "
"Trump could have defiled Barbara Bush's corpse on stage and his supporters wouldn't have said anything."
'This man has no class.'
"His supporters see themselves in him. It allows them to rationalize their hate, their vitriol, and their insecurities. He has enabled them to continue to place blame on amyone but themselves.\n\nHe's the personification of their Id."
"God, it's gotta suck to be John McCain right now doesn't it?\n\n\nDevote the latter half of your life to the Republican party, representing them in office, run for president for them even. Then suddenly the guy from the celebrity apprentice runs for office, publicly mocks your military service, and your party that you've worked so hard for just rallies behind him.\n\nThen you get diagnosed with cancer, still remain in office to try to serve the American people, and the new base of the republican party calls you a traitor for not falling in line.\n\nHow sad."
"Where the fuck was this when he voted for every single fucking one of Trump's nominees? "
"Shut the fuck up, McCain, you didn't oppose him when you had the chance."
'I served, I can\'t believe vets voted for this clown and continue to support him. "POW\'s are LOSERS." What in the fuck? '
'Well no shit, dear John, he never intended to. He meant it.'
'Because Trump is a fucking disgrace of a human being.'
'Trump is a representation of the collective ignorance of Trump Supporters. Cowardice, racism, etc.'
"You know, I may disagree with McCain in about every way possible, being a liberal Democrat, but he is a God damned hero in every book and in every way a man can be. President Trump should be taught to be more of a real man like McCain than a very spoiled child that can't have his whims contradicted or will present a temper tantrum. The position of the USA is too important in the global stage to become hostage to a crazed old man behaving like a spoiled 6 years old with a filthy mouth and no sense of decorum and honor. Trump is a disgrace to the white house, the position of POTUS and to the US as a country. "
'ITT: people getting hung up on the label "war hero" and completely missing the point. Whether or not you consider McCain (or any POW) a hero is irrelevant: what is at issue is the way Trump disrespected the experience of POWs when said he prefers soldiers who don\'t get captured (and then hypocritically turns around to rant about football players disrespecting troops). '
"This will be buried.  I'll admit I said similar things when McCain was running for president.  And I feel fucking awful for it now.  I've grown since then.  I was young.  I'm sorry John McCain."
'Trump only apologizes to racists and dictators.'
'Prince Harry of the UK serves 2 tours of combat in Afghanistan. Trump, "My feet hurt".'
'Trump hates our troops.'
'Hey McCain, no one ever accused Trump of a being a decent person'
'As sorry as I am for calling out a man with cancer......\n\nMcCain should have made that disrespect a bigger issue and stood up for himself more.\n\nThe last person who should talk down a serviceman or women is mr Bone spurs.'
"Trump doesn't apologize, that is like asking why a piece of shit doesn't apologize, they are both non sentient."
'What a goddamn hero.\nThat Trump even utters an opinion on his service is disgusting.\n\nBone spurs.\n"My own personal Vietnam" when talking of dodging STDs.'
"Keep on heroing, McCain!  Here's to him giving no fucks anymore."
'Trump never apologized for ________'
"The President would have to believe he actually did anything wrong, in order to feel the need to apologize.\n\nI just don't think he's *capable* of sustaining that belief."
"Mazie Hirono, a Senator from Hawaii, has stage 4 cancer. She's been at rallies to protect healthcare, and she voted no.\n\nAnd she didn't get a standing ovation."
"People who say he **only** voted for debate...That's all we need to know. Do you think McConnell will allow a bill to pass that INCREASES the number of insured & thus INCREASES taxes on the wealthy? No. McCain's vote for debate is a vote allowing McConnell's agenda, which will certainly have a negative impact on the poor and a large portion of the middle class. \n\nMcCain can try to dress up his vote for debate as much as he wants. That doesn't change the fact that had he just stayed in his hospital bed, or voted against debate, McConnell's agenda wouldn't have had a chance. "
"Hey, guys?  I'm startin' to think that maybe John McCain isn't the hero that we never really thought he was..."
'Meanwhile conservative subreddits are calling him a RINO and traitor for voting no on the other vote. \n\nEdit: In retrospect "conservative subreddits" is too general, obviously not everyone wants the same thing. Just found it funny you have people on both sides calling him a failure for two different reasons in the same debate.  '
"We've known McCain was no hero since [The Keating Five Scandal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keating_Five). He was one of them...\n\nSlight correction. He's a hero for his service, and for enduring torture during the Vietnam War.\n\nBut he's made a lot of bad decisions since then."
"This isn't just an issue for the poor: My girlfriend and I are middle class, well-employed, and she actually comes from a well-off family.\n\nThe ACA has been a life saver for us as well because she's bipolar and Type 1 diabetic, which almost made you uninsurable before that time. We get our healthcare through my employer (she's self-employed), but without the ACA she'd be at risk of rescission."
'ITT: Comments that did not age well at all.'
">  the time for civil discourse may well be over. \n\nOn fucking point!  Civil discourse didn't work when Obama was president and the republicans were stonewalling.  Now they have power and they are bulldozing their way through with no plan or direction.\n\nDirect action is what is going to be required.  Daily protests, floods of LETTERS (NOT EMAILS), hourly calls, etc....\n\nMake them feel the pain.\n"
'Haha, fuck you Independent. '
"Don't we look like asses now?"
'suspend healthcare for congress until they use a system similar to other 1st world countries. problemo solved.'
'This article looks moronic now. '
'Didnt he just vote to open this to a debate that the public can see while creating a law that isnt rushed garbage? \n\nIm sick of these misleading headlines. '
"Another awesome headline from the independent. I'm sick and tired of their headlines being 90% of the time false. What do you know? It's false again. McCain voted to open debate on the bill, he ultimately voted against it. Unfortunately idiots will see the headline and assume what it suggests. "
'How embarrassed is OP right now?'
'Is that the same non-hero that single-handedly crushed the skinny repeal?'
'Ana Navarro yesterday: McCain\'s speech was a "lion\'s roar"\n\nNo, it was hypocrisy from a stubborn old man who will never change.'
"McCain got a call on the floor from Trump himself, and he pretty much stood his ground against this bill.  His vote alone mattered majorly, so I wouldn't talk much against him at this moment.  It could have been far worse if he hadn't voted against it tonight."
'What a douche! '
"Didn't Reddit just love John McCain a couple weeks ago?"
'BS. He did not vote against health care for poor Americans. He voted to allow debate on the issue. He said that he could not support the bill in its present form but he did support bringing it up and debating it. The title of that article is mere propaganda.'
'Holy shit Reddit. He just voted to open the floor for debate. Nothing else. '
"Take was a vote to open the topic of Repeal to debate. Just a debate. John McCain voted to debate the topic of healthcare. Stop with the over dramatization of this vote. It's ridiculous and smacks of health string tucking political games."
'Funny... You guys were dick riding him last week.... '
"his behavior lately makes me think the cancer isn't a bad thing since he has followed the party line 99% of the time\n\nmccain sucks balls"
'Trump being elected President is “ one of the darkest chapters in America history” '
'It was just locker room torture'
"Oh shit, y'all. McCain's about to get deeply concerned again, look out!"
'Also McCain "I am deeply disturbed by this nomination. I\'ll go have some tea now."\n\nProbably.'
'He did endorse torture in his campaign https://www.independent.ie/world-news/americas/trump-considering-reinstating-waterboarding-and-a-hell-of-a-lot-worse-for-interrogations-35399004.html'
'Be careful, if not her then Tom Cotton, and fuck that guy.'
'A bit too late McCain. Maybe you should have been speaking out against CIA torture when it was actually fucking happening and not over a decade after the fact.'
'Im still mad his picture is going to be hung up next to obamas in DC forever.'
'Says man whose job it was to drop fire on people.'
'How is this surprising, Trump said he wanted to bring back the torture program during the election '
'This *IS* one of the darkest chapters in American history.'
'Yes, yes, but you still have not told us how "deeply disturbed" are you with this nomination right before you vote to confirm her into that seat.'
'Says War Hawk Mccain'
'Ok, McCain. Now do more than shake your head.'
'Was it as dark as the war in Iraq, which McCain voted for?'
'So the head of the CIA goes to State, and a career CIA agent involved in some shady shit takes lead at CIA all at the same time that Trump and Co are convincing their base that the deep state FBI/CIA/DOJ is out to get him. '
"With the [lights out](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7lov4m/romanian_hackers_infiltrated_65_of_dcs_outdoor/drnsyvn/), it's less dangerous? Oops, wrong pick.\n\nOh well, whatever... nevermind."
"Now let's wait for him to fold like a contortionist and once again talk big but refuse to act against anything the GOP wants."
'Probably why he picked her. Trump wants to he the second darkest hour in our history.'
'Then act to block her nomination. Enough of posturing already - exercise the leverage you have over such ill-judged nomination!'
'How the fuck does she still have a job?'
'Threat level: furrowed brow. '
"Wasn't The Mueller anti torture as well? Something about a hospital bedside visit.  This may displeasure The Mueller."
'“Torture is bad” - apparently a controversial stance in US politics '
'Well then John Deeply Disturbed McCain, maybe we could do something about this?'
'"CIA pick was involved in one of the darkest chapters in American History. I will vote to approve her without hesitation"'
'Even during the civil war you could buy your way out of the draft'
"Let's see how thin-skinned Dishonest Donald responds to this."
'Looks like McCain just dropped a nuke in Trumps face. This needs to be pushed and pushed hard. There’s a coward in the Oval Office and he needs to be kicked out. '
'Ooh trump is going to be mad. 5AM tweet on the shitter incoming'
'"Now, I ain\'t saying anyone particular is a bitch, but if you had three deferments during \'Nam and you are a billionaire, you\'re a fucking bitch."'
'John McCain, slightly less scummy than the rest of the rotten scum that call themselves the GOP.'
'Not doubt Trump got some massive arthrits with all those deferments. Anyways who would want this chicken shit in their foxhole.  '
'So Trump is a coward as well as a predator?'
"Fan-fucking-tastic!\n\nNow we need the Million Veteran March Against Trump's Warmongering"
'You want to know what unites Democrats and Republicans?\n\nWe have shit on Nazis together for over 80 years.'
'Lose other peoples\' money, drip other people\'s sweat. Business 101.  But now that business could include \'spill other peoples\' blood.\'  \n\nRich "conservatives" conserve THEMSELVES.'
'I hope in time that all Trump supporters realize who he really is, and that is he is nothing more than an arrogant, unintelligent, selfish, self-centered, ego-driven, and pampered trust-fund baby. '
"Bone spurs? I don't believe that for a moment. The man is too dishonest. If he had gone for *his hands were too small*, now that's something I could believe."
"People need to start just naming him. It's getting old that everyone is beating around the bush on these things. Just fucking say it already. "
'Is he the one trump hates because he was taken as a POW?'
"Ahhh so the reason why the middle clsss keeps getting poorer is by design. \n\nWe are livestock to them. This way, they have someone to send to fight their wars for them without feeling bad, and they keep disenfranchising millions to keep the circle moving.\n\nIt's now all too clear"
'Flawless Victory. Fatality. '
"I think not naming him is important.\nIt steals a lot of his thunder, and if he does talk about it, then he's admitting guilt."
'He was talking about fighting climate change as recently as 2007.  Then he ran for president and had to trade in his spine for an RNC nomination.  '
'These words are hollow from a guy who had no problem confirming Scott Pruitt to run the EPA'
'_may_ be changing? Seriously? '
"It's odd how republicans have gone from supporting science to denying it in less than a generation."
"I wonder if Trump is causing some republicans to actually think as individuals and not just follow their 'science is dangerous' doctrine."
'"May"\n\nChicken shit. It is. You\'re not getting re elected. You\'re not running again. Stop with the pussy foot language.'
'Holy fuck, it must be terminal.'
'No way. What a statement. The climate changes everyday! What he needs to say is that man is helping cause it to be more severe more quickly.'
"McCain: 'We have to understand that the climate may be changing' and tobacco may be bad for your health."
'I guess the fear of death has turned him into an honest Johnny.  Gotta make amends before you reach the pearly white gates.'
'McCain has run out of fucks, clearly.'
'"May be changing."\n\nIt\'s as if there is some dark curse physically preventing them from ever fully admitting to anything.'
'Impending death is what seems to be what was required for McCain to grow a spine.'
"That's tumor talk."
'No, deniers have to understand that it is changing.\n\n"We": put everyone in the same basket.\n"May": could be or could not be changing, who knows... (what about scientists?)'
'No shit!!!'
"Remember in Independence Day when Russel Case was abducted by aliens 10 years prior, everyone thinks he's crazy because of his belief and claims?\n\nAliens arrive, people still treat him like he's crazy despite the overwhelming evidence and an actual alien invasion. "
'It would have been more helpful if he said this before the brain cancer. '
'But there is no Russia connection guys this is just a coincidence. '
'I, for one, am disappointed in our President...'
'Him missing the deadline on Russia sanctions after its been proven they interfered in the elections says about all anyone needs to know.'
'Without civil servants like Senators John McCain and Bob Corker who are willing to break with their party when the President misbehaves we would be lost as a nation.'
"> By Oct. 1, the McCain and Cardin-penned sanctions bill required the administration clarify which targets would be identified and punished as part of Russia's defense and intelligence sectors.\n\nWait, what? They're letting *him* choose which Russians to punish? It should be easy enough to find a list of Daddy Putin's domestic enemies to throw under the bus. How does this make sense?"
'Trump will never implement those sanctions. And the coward Republicans will never force him to do so or remove him from office with the 25th Amendment if he does not.'
'> McCain scolds Trump for missing Russian sanctions deadline\n\nAnd furrowed his brow deeply.'
"I'm glad we're starting to see more attention being brought to this. I was worried he was going to get away with just quietly ignoring it. Hopefully he won't instead just get away with loudly ignoring it."
'I bet he was also deeply disturbed!  Deeply!'
'oh no not a scold!!?  '
'McCain battle rap diss track coming in 5...4...3...2..'
'Just a wild observation:  Trapping the president into violating a law passed by congressional super majorities that Congress knew the president was bound to violate was grounds for impeachment by the House of Representatives for President Andrew Johnson.  Johnson was not removed from office though by a one vote margin in the Senate. '
'Does anyone actually think that Donny is going to piss off his owners? Equally, does anyone actually think that the Republicans are going to do anything about it? Absolutely not! Corrupt, power hungry vermin, the lot of them.'
'Now he is failing to uphold the laws of the land.  '
'So how long until Trump blames Mnuchin?\n\n"The buck stops anywhere but here!"'
'It was not a joke. '
"Because they're assholes, Bernie."
"So now we're calling the callousness and nastiness of this low bar administration a joke?"
'because their supreme leader will throw a child tantrum and belittle them in front of the whole staff'
'If they were to apologize, they would be confirming that the comment was actually made.  As it stands, they prefer to refuse to address the issue and continue to push the fake news narrative.'
"APOLOGIES ARE A SIGN OF WEAKNESS. WE FORCE APOLOGIES, WE DON'T GIVE THEM.\n\nIt's what they were taught at the end of a belt and they learned the lesson well."
'what would hurt if they apologize ? i just dont understand. '
"Fuck that white house. It's a full blown corruption."
"Because it wasn't a joke, maybe?"
"CNN and other news outlets report it was a tasteless statement, then the White House says it was a joke. CNN and other news outlets then report it is now a very bad joke. I can't keep watching the news if they so easily time and again be manipulated and controlled by this incompetent White House. They have John Bolton on CNN now taking his every word as truth. Michelle Wolf is right, the media are hypocrites.  "
"Oh you comprehend it alright, Bernie. They're self-serving, unsympathetic, brash, and they cater to the bottom of the barrel, semi-educated members of society. They have to be rude to keep their fanbase."
"It's the Karl Rove philosophy. Never concede anything, never admit anything and never apologize.  "
"If this shit is beyond your comprehension at this point, then you need to figure out how to accept the reality we're all swimming in. This is not new behavior. "
'Ah, why apologize, he’ll be dead soon anyways /s'
"Too apologize is to admit you're in the wrong. This Whitehouse has shown us the one thing it will never do is admit when it's wrong. "
