Donald Trump threatens to isolate Alaska after Republican senator votes against Obamacare repeal bill
"McCain must've been visited by the Ghost of Healthcare Yet To Come while he was indisposed"
"What about all of the democrats who have consistently voted no?\n\nEveryone expects Democrats to vote no.\n\nThese women get credit for voting against expectations. But their consistent behavior has set expectations that they would continue to vote no.  \n\nMcCain was not expected to vote no, yet he did.  That is why he is the exception more than them, and they being republicans are the exception more than the democrats.\n\nBut in reality, 51 Senators are the ones who stopped the ACA repeal. Not 1, not 2, not 3. This is important to remember.  It's not 2 or 3 obstructionist politicians that are stopping the full political will, it is the majority of the elected Senate. \n\nThe elected government does not want the ACA repeal.  It is important to remember that the elected government is not just the president, the president is just one small part of the elected government. "
'You can\'t "save" Obamacare. It has failed and we need a replacement. '
"The maverick Senator who just found out he has brain cancer saving 16,000,000 Americans from losing access to healthcare and poking the eye of a president who said he wasn't a war hero because he got captured makes for a better story.\n\nThink Progress is just being contrary."
"Everyone who voted no deserves credit. And this is from someone who was practically calling for McCain's head the other day. Every one of the people who voted no took a stand."
"saved a failing system \ngreat job.\na couple  just committed suicide by jumping to there deaths because they could not afford it.\nAnd it's not even totally failed yet  "
"McCain took a bullet for the Republican party, because he's gonna be dead soon. It always party over country. They can't pass a bill that only has an 18% approval rating, it would be political suicide for all of them."
'If McCain had voted to not open the debate, then I could see him deserving a share of the credit, but he needs to step back and let Murkowski and Collins take the limelight after sticking to their opposition to this disgrace, even in the face of sever blowback.'
"McCain was the unknown factor and expected to go along until he voted but didn't that is why we are kind of obsessed with it.\n\nI am more concerned about Dean Heller (NV) and Rod Portman (OH). Their governors are vehemently against this bill but voted for it and maybe McCain is deflecting for them."
"You're wrong. McCain decided this thing, as is evidenced by the reaction of the Dems and Republicans in the room when he voted no. Reddit group think is at it again. Give the man credit when it's due."
"Why doesn't McCain use ACA like every other American has to use?\n\nWhy is he turning down VA healthcare, even though he's told many other veterans that it's not only as good, but better than regular healthcare?\n\nHow does [this](https://imgur.com/aQtQpej) campaign ad make any sense compared to his recent actions? The fact he straight up left cancer surgery just to vote on keeping ACA really means he must love ACA. \n\nWhy does [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zeFBguXeCc) of him less than a year ago have him criticizing Democrats for not ammending ACA, but then he recently refuses to repeal or ammend ACA? \n\nMcCain's a fucking liar. Arguable the best, because Arizonans keep voting for him, despite his actions that make no sense whatsoever. "
'Just a couple days ago I read more than a few comments in this sub that were literally celebrating his terminal cancer because he was "trying to keep healthcare from poor people".\n\nNow he actually voted "no" and there a very obvious concerted push to dismiss it.\n\nYou people are fucking nuts.'
'When did this become a dick measuring contest ? Everyone who voted shares in the victory.'
'All three of them did. Stop picking and choosing.'
"Trump is already trying to enact revenge on New York and California because they voted blue and now he's going after after red states, too. Donald, its been 6 months and there are only 50 states and you aren't even doing the things that the states who voted for your desperately need like put together a program for the opioid epidemic. Come on now."
"But it's already isolated down in the rectangle just beside Hawaii???"
"If Trump died of a stroke today, I'd take the day off in celebration "
'Aaaand Alaska is blue.  What a negotiator.  And it was probably illegal, but what else is new.'
"Next he's gonna threaten to withdraw federal funds from California.\n\n\n\n\nOh."
'I\'m going to go out on a limb and say that the "Art of the "Deal" is an art style that not many appreciate. '
"Lincoln died to keep the union whole. Trump's just given em away. My how far the Republican party has come."
"Trump really is the most insecure politician I think I've ever seen "
'Lmao. Y stop there Trump? Why not just put a blockade on the state.'
'Bully in chief. '
'This is literally antagonistic to the Union. There is absolutely no way that this could be spun as good for the country. What a joke.'
"Isn't this illegal in government? I would get fired from my government job for this. Why are we letting him walk all over us? We out number him and his cronies. I had to watch a 2 hour video on ethics and sign waivers that refer to this behavior and how it's not tolerated in government... Why is our highest office allowed to do this and get away with it? With all the stuff he does??"
'"That\'s a nice pipeline we have running down to the mainland. Be a shame if a local patriot acted solely of their own volition and cut the flow." '
'We need to get him the fuck out and purge every agency of his influence.'
'Imagine if the headline was "Obama threatens retaliation against state after Senator votes against a bill he supported"'
"Why are people ok with the president threatening fellow Americans when they vote the way they vote if it isn't the way he wants them to? I don't get it. "
'Art of the Butt Hurt child.'
'> after she was forced out of Glenn Beck’s *libertarian* media outlet The Blaze after comments she made in favor of abortion.\n\nThe fucking irony'
'The epitome of the "fuck you I got mine" mindset.'
"Not having a job and on her parents insurance,  guess she didn't pull herself up by her boot straps. She's literally everything she hates. "
'Jesus Christ she is only 24? Hate must really age you'
"Conservatives sure love their dumb blond-looking and acting women, don't they? It's super weird how all their female icons look like they're from a comedy about beautiful but bitchy women. \n\nAnd please don't take this as misogyny. It's just really weird and creepy how similar they all look and act to the stereotype. It's as if conservatives can't envision a strong woman as anything but a milky white, skinny blond who doesn't sound very smart but loves to make acerbic comments. \n\nEdit: a word"
'>Handler defended Lahren for the comment. \n"Stop, she is being honest," Handler said, Variety reported.\n\nThe Left needs to stop defending right wing idiots. Tomi is a hypocrite and needs to be held accountable for her bs. She is advocating for hurting people. Why would Handler defend her? '
"Why the fuck is some braindead 24 year old kid considered a 'pundit in the first place"
"surprised she didn't tell the government to stay the hell away from her medicare "
'Fuck Tomi.  She is the face of new entitlement.'
'Please stop making stupid people famous.'
'Can someone plz tell me why anyone should give one single fuck about anything this person says?  \n\nA quick Google search came up with her nick name as "White Power Barbie".\n\nWTF?\n\nNext.'
'The lack of self-awareness is staggering. '
"I don't care what her qualifications are, no one should ever take the advice of any 24 year old about anything important."
"A hypocritical conservative isn't exactly a flying unicorn. "
'How exactly did this idiot kid become famous?'
"The Right likes the expensive parts of Obamacare (keep kids on until 26, cover preexisting conditions, no lifetime limits). What the don't like are the parts needed to pay for it and keep it affordable (taxes, individual mandate, employer mandate). "
'Lahren is a moron, obviously.'
'God so much stupid '
'Also tend to be the states with the highest obamacare premiums because their state government rejected the obamacare subsidies to keep premiums lower.\n\nLooks like the intentional self-sabotage by republicans ended up working.'
'Red State moochers.  They need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps!'
"It's not that surprising really, they are places where Medicaid and similar social programs are weakest."
'The poor are less likely to vote. This is why they should get involved in the upcoming elections and vote blue.'
'How bizarre, how bizarre....'
'When 13 million of them lose coverage r/trumpgret is going to be 🔥🔥🔥.'
'Let them get sick. Robots will harvest their fields and drive their trucks and the educated will never know the difference '
"Isn't this a touch misleading since it doesn't include the 11 states that have their own exchanges which are mostly states Trump did not win and include California and New York?"
'Don’t forget your forced to enroll or you pay a fine. People are pissed.'
"Yeah. They're fucking stupid assholes."
'Further proof that the average Trump supporter is a fucking moron. '
'No one has ever accused Republicans of voting for what benefits them.'
'Except Obamacare was a mandatory enrollment program so... Who cares?\n\nThis tells us nothing. Just like the enrollment numbers for Obamacare.'
"These people have no clue that their governors are the reason their obamacare premiums are so high. Now even better: The individual mandate has been removed! This means waaaayyyy less healthy people to pad out the cost of all of the sick people. \n\n\nWhat we now have is NOT obamacare. Obamacare was meant to function with a mandate and subsidies to lessen costs for consumers! How are you going to tell me Obamacare is a disaster when the thing you're pointing at as a failure is something entirely different that you created. This is now GOPcare. Obamacare was cheaper. GOPcare is a blight. We need to bring back Obamacare. 2018 is all I can say, everybody better show up or we're going to all suffer. Our legislators no longer look out for our best interests. They no longer accept accountability for their actions. They will lie and misrepresent to get more money and boons for their donors. 2018 is the solution. "
"That's why they're going to have buyer's remorse in 2018. MAGA is all about making red States realize they're being fucked... Hard."
'There is no more Obamacare. Now it is forever Trumpcare. '
'LMAO. May their sicknessess be painful, chronic, and recurring.'
'way to shoot yourselves in the fucking face'
'This just proves the fact that GOP voters are dumbasses who should just stop procreating, for the sake of the human race.'
'Somehow, this is still Obamas fault to these people '
'Bold new strategy in Republican politics; Kill your Base.'
'Haha, I guess Obamacare sells itself no matter how much marketing Trump cuts from it.\n\nWhat a magnificent fucking failure with a gazelle pube crown this God-Emperor is.'
'hahaha get fucked trump'
"Another in a long line of Trump's failures"
"Letting insurance run our health care is a big mistake. Why can't we solve the real problem, cost?\n\nedit: IB4 the downvotes deluge..."
'What a strange way for it to collapse.../s'
"I hate we Americans. \n\nWe can't even vote for what we want. I could almost guarantee that it's not ONLY Liberals/Democrats signing up for ObamaCare.\n\n"
'This is America telling Trump to go fuck himself'
'I moved in August of 2016. I\'d really like to talk to those guys at the bar who kept saying "Trump is gonna get shit done! He\'s a business man!".\n'
"Aetna pulled out of our state's marketplace because of the uncertainty of the ACA's future because of all the fussing Repubbers made about it.\n\n\n\nWhy is that a big deal? Well we now only have 1 major insurance, and they can set the price to whatever they want since there's no more competition.\n\nOur premiums went up 300% :(\n\nCrying"
"I would of been royally fucked without Obamacare, I got a credit and I signed up the first day just after midnight.   \n\nI couldn't afford coverage before Obamacare but now on January 1st I'll have Kaiser. "
"Self-employed here in a red state. My carrier dropped coverage in my state this year. My problem isn't the price. It's the choice. The marketplace now only offers one carrier for my state and no hospital in a reasonable emergency room distance will take that carrier. And the insurance company websites just redirect you back to the marketplace for individual coverage. I may try to find an insurance broker and see what they say, but it's not looking good."
'Well shit 25 bucks a month for me and the wife. '
'I really hope this continues. It would be weird if Trump cut $90 million in marketing budget and got more signups. Attribution modeling is hard. But a 90% cut is a 90% cut.'
'Yep and my plan DOUBLED. So fucking disappointed. '
"Is there any info packet I could send to my skeptical father? He needs insurance and I can't convince him to go to the website to check it out. "
'Trump said he thinks insurance costs people $12 per year. These people have no clue about real life.'
'Thank god for Collins and Merkowski. Its mind blowing to me that we live in a political reality where politicians disregard the vast majority of public opinion to spite each other'
"I am so tired of Republicans getting the press equivalent of participation trophies simply for not having actively fucked up people's lives. "
"Maybe offtopic (and maybe a dumb question, but I'm not American):  \nI always assumed that Maine was a blue state. Why does it have a Republican senator? "
"None of these MFs deserve a fucking round of applause for doing their job and being basic decent people. This frustrates me to no end. Our expectations are so low of them, that somthing like this is even possible. It's bananas. "
'"Viral video" mentioned by Jake Tapper. So basically there is no video? No one is mentioning it in comments, and it\'s not available anywhere. He means a photo, I assume.\n\nKey words to find my comment: link mirror clip'
'Does anything stop blue and other rational states from banding together and having their own Healthcare exchanges and such?'
'Damn double negatives'
"Then she discovered she couldn't light any matches and the sandwiches had no taste."
'Does this mean than whenever a disliked politician arrives to an airport they get jeered? '
'Ever since obomacare got enacted I can not afford health insurance.  More people lost insurance with the affordable Care act than started receiving it.  \nPeople clapping does not make u right.  Go watch a speach made by Hitler or ANY other murdering socialist.  Lots of clapping.'
"Obamacare isn't broken!\n\nWe want single payer!\n\nPick one. "
"I'm not advocating to bring back health insurance as it was. It was a scam. I'm advocating for free market health insurance. Let the hospitals and the doctors and the clinics compete, all for making prices lower and services better."
'Paid by George Soros no doubt'
'That was Obama\'s "Organizing for America" in action, folks.\n\nIOW, it\'s just another fake news event, nothing to see here.'
'You should see all the hate McCain is getting from his conservative base on Twitter for his vote. Calling him a traitor to his country. \n\n\nMcCain just saved their healthcare and the way they turned on him for it is insane. '
"No dignity, no empathy, no honor, no wisdom, no decency, no common sense, no integrity....that's trump.\n\nAmericans deserve better.\n"
"Trump often sounds like someone who is trying to destroy, or at least destabilize, America at the behest of a hostile foreign power.  I wonder who's Putin him up to this?"
".... did he just allude to speculation/insider trading? He knew he was going to do this, as his family probably did too. It wouldn't surprise me if he bet against the healthcare stocks and then pulled this stunt."
'Donald Trump is just a shitty person.'
'So now /r/politics is all about making sure those insurance companies make as much money as possible?  Trump really has broken you guys.'
'Okay, this guy is brain damaged, right? '
'So he makes a move that damages health care, then brags about it and blames Obamacare when health care is damaged? This guy is unreal. '
"One the one hand, he's killing insurance for the sick and poor. On the other hand, he's proving why we need a public option, or even better, single payer.  \nDonald Trump is doing the Dems a lot of favors...if we can just survive the next 3 years and the fallout from the shitstorm he causes."
'Impeach this piece of shit already.'
"If you've ever wondered what it would be like to have an insane person as President, now you know.  \n\nThis shit needs to end.  The world can't take 4 years of this."
'We need single payer Medicare for all.  Legalize and tax marijuana.  Pays for itself, hell use some of the proceeds to improve schools, infrastructure, money still be left over.'
"This narcissistic bastard is ecstatic when he has *any* effect on anything anywhere, good or bad.\n\nI bet he'll boast about ending civilization as we know it by starting a nuclear war, and see that as an accomplishment.\n\nNarcissistic dufus.\n"
"The president is punishing America because congress didn't vote the way he wanted them to.\n\nThink about that.\n\nThat's where we're at right now."
'The asshole in chief is going to make me lose my health insurance.  '
'Was going to call him a moron but today he is more of a dick.'
'It is clear to me now that he hates America and is actively working to weaken our economy and government. Perhaps for the Russians...'
"The stock market is all Trump has, and even that seems to be a continuation of pre-existing trends. If that starts going south, he'll have nothing good to point to."
'Denying so many people health insurance should result in his impeachment IMO\n\nPeople lack perspective '
'After poor people can\'t afford insurance and news reports cone out about former ACA beneficiaries dying because they lacked health insurance: "See I told you Obamacare did nothing to protect the poor!"'
'This man is sick in the head.'
"Guess where the insurance companies will offset the losses? \n\nMedical systems/doctors? Barely. \n\nConsumers purchasing insurance plans on and off the exchanges? *Yes indeed.*  \n\nCompanies don't take on losses, they pass it back to the customer. Trump just cheered raising costs on health insurance for everyone a-fucking-gain...\n\nDump Trump!"
