Collins received a round of applause at an airport in Maine after voting against Obamacare repeal
"Since this happened by one vote, I'd also like to note the hard work of freshman Senator Tammy Duckworth.  Had she not defeated Republican Senator Mark Kirk in Illinois last year, this would have been a completely different result."
"McCain did vote to proceed and make it seem that McConnel held the votes for it to pass. I really think that McCain played Turtle here. Mitch would _never_ get the bill to the floor if he wasn't sure about it. So McCain voted to proceed and talked to Ryan and McConnel just to let it crash and burn afterwards. Now they need a 60 vote majority for it to pass. It's the long game guys. Or I'm seeing things.\n\nThat's why he deserves credit. Because of his mind games. Murkowski and Collins played their role and did not let their people down. But that was expected. McCains vote was not."
"All three of them should be honored for there votes. I think McCain is getting the attention because he was an unknown, the other votes were expected, but that fact doesn't diminish that they have saved millions from losing healthcare."
'I really respect Murkowski and Collins alot now. They both showed a lot of guts under enormous pressure.'
"I really like how people are focusing on three people while completely ignoring how the entire democrat party defends people's healthcare repeatedly. "
"I knew the liberal media wouldn't allow an old, white male too much positive attention."
'Saved obamacare? Yay for less doctors, forced taxes, and higher premiums. '
'Hey he deserves credit too. '
'McCain is getting attention because he was a wildcard. Had he voted yes, Pence would have broken the tie and the repeal would have been successful. '
'Thankful for all three. Anyone who stands up to the Tea Party gets my respect. Rob Portman is a spineless sack of shit. \n'
'How about some credit for the entire Democratic caucus, Senate and House?! \n\nNot a single member defected. Dem Unity! Thank you Schumer. '
'I was thinking this on my drive in to work today.  McCain causes this problem, gets lambasted by the media, and then "saves the day".\n\nMeanwhile Murkowski and Collins have defied party above country and the wrath of their peers and the president to do what\'s best for the people they represent.  They deserve a hell of a lot more credit than they\'re getting.'
'Really it was Bernie Sanders who deserves the credit. '
'Also credit to every single democrat in the room. There were 51 votes against.'
'There are people that actually like Obamacare? \n\n\nGreetings from a bewildered European.'
"I think to be fair we can give a few people credit.  Let's not discredit a man who came into vote who has terminal cancer... "
'I mean, everyone who voted against it gets credit.  There was a one vote difference.'
"Guys, the reason McCain got more attention is merely because he's a bigger figure in Congress. I've honestly never heard of Murkowski or Collins, so having them in the title of major news articles wouldn't get as much attention."
'Reddit went ape over McCain last week moving forward and now praises him. The masses are as fickle, as the president that presides over this country. '
'51 Senators deserve credit. Not one or two'
"Why can't all three take credit? My hat goes off to all of them."
'The real heros were all the people calling into their senators and going to townhalls.  The Senators were just doing their job and doing them right, except for 49 of them.  '
'All three deserve all the kudos we can give!'
'saved it? Insurers are backing out left and right :('
'Or you could just credit everyone who assisted.'
'Where are all the "states\' rights" conservatives now? Trump is basically undermining US democracy altogether in favor of a nationalist, union-wide emperorship where his personal vision goes, and any votes to oppose it will suffer "consequences". What the actual fuck? How can anyone who even so much as _claims_ to respect the US constitution and the founding principles accept this? How is there anyone at all, even Trump loyalists, who think this is the way to go?\n\nThe entire congress should be able to effortlessly stand shoulder-to-shoulder when telling Trump to back the fuck off. This isn\'t partisan. This is democracy united telling a dictator to sit down and shut up.'
'"Ok"\n\n-Alaskans probably\n\nI don\'t think Trump realizes that Alaska prides itself in being the libertarian\'s self-sufficient wet dream. This is truly an odd timeline. '
'What a fantastic way to get the GOP against you. Maybe you want to threaten Wisconsin and Kentucky...hopefully that will get something going...'
'hey, at least all the rat trump supporters in Alaska get a wall...in Texas.'
"Dear Vlad,   \n\nI'm having a hard time getting these new sanctions vetoed... Anyway, here's Alaska! \n\n\n- Don"
"Murkowski doesn't give a shit about this; when she got primaried she ran as an independent and won in *Alaska*, he's picking the wrong fight. "
'I couldnt find anywhere in that article where it said anything remotely close to what the title claimed. Judging by the comments in this thread he said exactly that. Can someone help me out?'
'"Keep it up and I\'ll kick you out of the Contiguous United States!"'
'"Trump is not a fascist" \n\n- neofascists who think they aren\'t that '
'Dear Mr President,\n\nThere are too many states nowadays.  Please eliminate three.\n\n\nP.S. I am not a crackpot'
"It seems like some her male colleagues could use her ovaries--clearly they don't have her balls."
'Isolate Alaska? Whatcha gonna do next, pray for Phoenix to be hot?'
"I wonder how much Russia is offering for Alaska?  \n\nWhat a monumental asshole.  This isn't a dictatorship.  He's missing the entire point of what being president of this country is.  And we're paying for it."
"Dear Alaskans,\n\nCanada has health care, and Donald Trump isn't our president. I'm sorry for interrupting your day.\n\nSincerely,\n\nA Canadian."
'I would love to be isolated from this government'
'the american president is a joke. '
"Well now Palin's husband will get his way and Alaska will secede. "
'This is hilarious to me because I just read that Alaska was one state whose population heavily supported his presidency. Way to piss on the people who *like* you. '
"I don't think Trump understands how our government is supposed to work if he's trying to bully everyone who doesn't bend over and agree with him immediately. Then again, it didn't take this for me to figure out he doesn't know how shit works, this just further iterates it. "
'Oh man, as an Alaskan we would LOVE to be more isolated from the lower 48.  That would be awesome.'
'This is what fascism in America looks like. '
"Huh. It's almost as if a rich, white, 24-y.o. outrage pundit is entitled, immature and puts her foot in her mouth. "
'["I\'m a millenial, so I really don\'t like labels..."](https://youtu.be/F2xv4fba65U) - Tomi Lahren (at 1:58)'
"My dad's insurance company kicked me off  my dad's insurance when I was 20 in 2004.  I was blessed enough not to get sick or injured during that time and I didn't find a job with good insurance until I was 28.  Sadly, I was in retail until 28 and I could only afford the catastrophic insurance until then.  "
"Why is Chelsea Handler a political debater now? I'm not saying Lahren has any business debating anything, but Handler sounds pretty useless in this kind of situation.\n\nI want some answers that Ja Rule might not have right now!"
'Why does anyone care what a spoiled 24 yo brat has to say about anything?'
'Truly the whitest snowflake.'
"The fact that a 24 year old is such a prominent voice in any political sphere is a red flag. Smarts and intuition aside, what could she have possibly done or experienced that make her this conservative oracle? It's all so gimmicky."
'I\'ve always felt Tomi Lahren is a weaponized form of "Daddy\'s little girl" that gained sentience.'
'The true meaning of "American exceptionalism".'
"In the article they call Glenn Beck's news group libertarian. Is there some definition of libertarian I don't know about because Glenn Beck was alt right before it was a thing."
"I have yet to meet a single 24 year old of either sex who wasn't woefully ignorant on most things in life.  "
"typical conservative - never had to struggle to survive, and thus has no concept of what life's like for most people. "
"Of course she is. 24 and knows everything about everything, except for what it's like to pay all of her own bills. "
"I don't get why any one is listening to a 24 year old that can't even afford to pay her own way in life. What value can she possibly add to the debate?\n\n Americans can be very strange."
"I have yet to meet a libertarian who hasn't taken advantage of public infrastructure and benefits. And I don't mean roads, I mean Pell Grants and Earned Income Tax Credits."
'I used to be a hardcore conservative. It was only when I left that sphere that I realized I had been championing against my own interests the whole time.\n\n'
'This appears to only be for enrollees on the national exchange (Healthcare.gov) States like CA & NY have their own exchanges which are not taken into account here. '
'They are going to need that Obama Care because they just shot themselves in the foot.'
"Zero pity for them.\n\nAs a Virginian working full time and has my own job health insurance and aflac this change doesn't hurt at all. I wanted all to have health insurance but the red voters, who actually needed it the most and received the most handouts, didn't want that.\n\nSo screw'em.\n\nI'm sure they have long enough bootstraps out there somewhere to pull themselves up with on their own. "
"That's why he won. Those 80% covered under Obamacare want nothing to do with it and voted Trump to dump it."
'They always vote against their self interest to "stick it to the liberals". Fucking idiots.'
"This is my favorite thing working in pharmacy.  So many instances where someone brings up Trump fixing healthcare when they are on medicaid and don't realize that medicaid is Obamacare.  People are just so unaware and uneducated about politics that they think this healthcare just flew out of no where.  I won't be sad to see it go purely for this reason."
"Dear Conservatives,\n\nYou're welcome.\n\nSincerely,\n\nLiberals"
'And I’ll bet that 90 percent of them don’t think they are on Obamacare because they don’t know that Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act are the same thing. '
'So it looks like Trump was right - the people that used it did not like it. Pretty simple to work out why those states voted for him based on that one fact.'
'I swear the day he dies I will have the biggest party ever '
"So it's a shock that people that hated ACA voted for Trump? I had ACA  before my employer instituted health insurance that was god awful. \n\nPeople act like Obamacare was a great thing. It has fucking sucked for working poor. They pay premiums then have like a $6000 deductible, i.e. they have NO FUCKING CARE until they spend $6000 of their own money. And for someone that makes $20-30,000/year that's not likely. \n\nStop acting like these people screwed themselves. Ya ever think that maybe, just maybe, they didn't like ACA and that's why they voted for Trump???\n\nMaybe the other states didn't have to deal with the giant piece of garbage so they loved Hillary and the gift-to-the-insurance companies in ACA!"
'The rural county my parents retired to is largely Republican.  The county voted almost 80% in favor of Trump.  Meth and food stamps are rampant.  People boast about being on food stamps in public.  Still they voted against their interests.  '
"I know one, twenty eight years old. He's been on dialysis for about 5-6 years. He just got a transplant like two months ago, the other day I found they are expecting kid number eight.\n\nNeither he or his wife has ever had any kind of real job. They still have a trump sign and flag in their yard."
"So why do we help them? It's strange how hard Democrats work to help people who (honestly) don't want it.\n\n"
'Yeah it is no surprise that big cities with higher incomes are subsidizing those who vote against the policies that help them...'
'Gotta keep in mind. These guys and gals who are under the ACA, food stamps, welfare who are avid Trump supporters believe they are above others that are under the same programs. \n"Well I earned it" or some other excuse while their peers are the ones who "don\'t deserve it". They are just going through a tough time but believe once their guy is in office they will be in the upper class where they belong. \n'
"It's almost as if a huge majority of the country wants health insurance..."
"Looks like Trump's efforts to suppress Obamacare signups are ineffectual, much like everything he does."
'Everyone knows Donald will take credit for this, right?'
"Wow.  And that's with a 90% cutback on outreach methods.  Perhaps fear is a good motivator."
"This makes me hopeful that dems will get full control soon.  They didn't get a ton done in the 2 years they had, but at least they got the ACA.\n\nAnd although it isn't perfect, far from it, it shows that the government can actually do big things to help a lot of people.  And not just cut taxes for the rich, enable the destruction of the environment, or seeing that consumers get raw deal after raw deal, e.g., by ending net neutrality.\n\nWe may have to wait 3 more years, but I feel the time is coming.  It can't come soon enough. "
'Obamacare is still super broken. '
'My insurance now costs over twice as much because my state didn’t expand. Guess which color my state is. '
'So everybody can get past the "Please wait" on the "Start your application" screen on HealthCare.gov except me. It just spins for a long time then logs me out.'
"I've had it for 3 years.. Love it. But, price is now 750 a month. Up 220 from last year. I don't think I can afford it, I barely could last year. I'm at a loss on what to do. Might have to give up on owning my business and merge or go back to corporate. "
"It's like when Democrats are in office gun sales surge, but instead of more people wanting guns, more people want to live..."
" First year I've ever signed up for it.  I thought I make too much for assistance,  but I got help.  Feels good to know that if something catastrophic happens,  it'll only set me back 5000 instead of 5 million. "
"Live in a red state where they haven't expanded medicaid and I've been in the gap for years. What are people like myself to do?"
'The people are going to save Their own dam healthcare despite these congressional idiots. '
'Well that is heartening! The admin was doing all it could to squash enrollment. '
'This is good news.'
'This is a good thing?'
"Trump is a genius. He knew Obamacare didn't need the advertising dollars. He could just promote it through TWITTER!!!!"
"I wish people wouldn't call it ObamaCare. It would be more accurate to call it RomneyCare because while it does good things for some people it also does really good things for for-profit insurers and didn't really solve the problem of not making health insurance insanely expensive."
'Amazing how fast something you are forced to buy sells!'
'Well duh. This is when fines get more expensive.'
'I’m genuinely surprised by this news. '
'Whenever all you usually see is bad, every good thing just looks that much better. Way to go normal people!'
'I read that as "received a pound of applesauce". Sounded quite nice. '
'I definitely read this as "received a pound of applesauce at an airport" and wondered if that was some sort of Maine celebratory tradition or something. \n\nI need to go back to bed.'
'There\'s a little plane flying around Portland right now with a banner that says, "Sen Collins. Thank you & stay strong."'
'Other Republicans:  "Hey, I can do what\'s right and still be popular with my constituents?  Cool, I\'ll try that."\n\n-My soon to be shattered dreams'
"The White House can complain all they want but this is what it's actually all about: politicians working on laws that benefit the American public."
"We'll see more GOP joining Collins and the others as they realize they are not risking anything by challenging Trump and Mitchel. With receptions like these they'll begin to go against Trump specifically to ensure their reelection. Six months in and Trump is already a lame duck president, not to mention just plain lame."
'I just spent a week in Waterboro, about an hour outside of Portland. It is incredibly rural but there are A LOT of hardcore union democrats. It does not surprise me that she got the applause. '
'She deserves it. Maybe this will encourage other Republican politicians to be decent people. '
'Thank God people are paying attention.'
"kudos to her.  wish there were other republicans that had the wherewithal to vote for their constituents versus their party or to avoid being bullied.  most of the others are just a bunch of cowards as  far as i'm concerned."
"How vulnerable would she have been if she voted party line? Not questioning her motivation or some kind of deep politic strategy but curious. Wiki mentions that she's the only GOP senator in the New England area. "
'> "The ACA is flawed and in portions of the country is near collapse," she added. \n\nAnd how much of that is the *direct* result of Republican obstructionism?\n\n> "Rather than engaging in partisan exercises, Republicans and Democrats should work together to address these very serious problems." \n\nNow you\'re getting what everyone outside of the Republican party has been saying for centuries (if not millennia).'
"I didn't try and kill millions of Americans today, either. Where's my applause?"
'Good. She and Murkowski are the real heroes here, not so much McCain.'
'Well deserved.'
'Remember that Collins voted AGAINST the Affordable Care Act in 2009. She is only doing what is right now because: 1) We are watching, and 2) She will be running for governor.'
'So doing your fucking job gets you applause these days. Yeesh!'
'Who cares'
'clearly paid shills'
"What's with her voice? She's like a female Harry Carey."
'And? \n\nHad she repealed it the other side would of probably celebrated her and you guys would whine about it cause "Nazi\'s" or something.'
"It's nice to see Joan Cusack getting into politics!"
'Publicity stunt. Let’s gather a crowd, have them cheer and write an article about it. '
'Stop cheering for her.  She only voted for it since Trump is on a losing streak and *a huge number of her Republican voters are on Obamacare*.'
"They help people that help themselves. Have a problem, pay them to fix it. Isn't that how Democracy works? /s"
'But helping people is liberal propoganda!'
'>Great news everyone, stocks have never been higher because of me!\n\n(one day later)\n\n>Great news, everyone! Stocks plunged because of me!\n\n**Edit** because my throwaway joke has hella upvotes. Reminder to contact your reps, people. [Text RESIST to 50409 to fax them for free.](https://resistbot.io/) Demand action.'
"Healthcare is only one fifth of the economy. How funny would it be to just blow it up? Can't know you're sick if there's no doctors!"
'> On Friday he said the subsidies were "almost a payoff" to insurance companies to lift their stock prices.\n\n> “That money is a subsidy for insurance companies”, he said, adding that he did not “want to make the insurance companies rich".\n\nThat sounds like a Conway talking point if I have ever heard one.'
'How is this a good thing?'
"I'm gonna try to spin this in a positive way. Trump tanks private insurance. 2020 rolls around. Democratic president and democratic super majority congress. Pass single payer because we're all suffering from lack of private insurance. Publicly popular.\n\nEdit: Actually call the legislation Obama care instead of being just a nick name. Erect statue in rememberance to all those died waiting on Healthcare of a giant patient stepping on a small Trump. Put it in front of Trumps residence. "
"His supporters are gloating too. They really, really, don't understand what's going on."
'And in another few months, his supporters will realize that this affects their health care coverage...\n\n...and promptly blame Obama.'
"The Republican party will be forever tainted by Trump's actions. "
'Turns out when you remove guaranteed income companies have to compete on their merits. '
"ITT: Trump supporters thinking this outrage is about insurance companies and not about the people they insure, and them losing the ability to pay for insurance.\n\nNormally I'd like to respond to individual ignorance, but it's truly too overwhelming in this thread."
'"I\'m killing people just to show Obama who\'s a better president.  So proud, so proud..."\n\n~DT'
"Are you Americans crazy?\n\nOf course their stocks are going down, because they'll be facing increased competition. Meaning prices will be lower and they will make less profits. And that's a good thing for consumers!\n\nSure, it's not nearly as good as Single Payer Healthcare. But it's an improvement.\n\nAnd look at my post history, I hate Trump. But I find what he did to be good. And I believe people somehow crying over billionaires facing increased competition and lower profits to be.... disturbing and hypocritical."
"Jesus, it's like watching Nero playing his fiddle as Rome burns to the ground."
'“Look at this fire I made. It’s so big and beautiful, it’s the best fire ever. No one else could light a house on fire like this, you know it, I know it, everyone knows it.”'
"Well, then he's really going to be excited when he triggers a recession.  With behavior like this, it's inevitable -- and imminent.  And it's probably best if it comes sooner rather than later, because that's the only thing that will get people to stand up to this treasonous psychopath."
"He is bragging about this like it is some huge accomplishment. It is like if I broke both of Usain Bolt's legs and then bragged about beating him in a foot race. "
