Here is Hillary Clinton shitting herself on 9/11
Fusion GPS scandal: Clinton, DNC broke campaign finance law with dossier funding, complaint says | WaPo going after the Clintons. It's a beautiful world
11 House Republicans are calling on Attorney General Sessions to prosecute (in no particular order):Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Sally Yates, Loretta Lynch, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page and Dana Boente
Hillary Clinton, who is ALWAYS innocent, says that investigating her would be "an abuse of power."
CIA lawyers are arguing they can selectively release classified information to "trusted" "journalists" while withholding the same information from citizens who request it through open records law. The CIA wants to enslave the public to special approved media for information about our government.
What Happened?! — Video Emerges of Hillary Clinton Saying Illegal Immigrant Children Have to Go
GEOTUS: "Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!"
Giuliani: "I'd rather have the Hillary Clinton Treatment - No under oath, only a Q/A, we get the questions in advance, and they write the report two weeks before."
'Which other country in the world right now can a random citizen woman call out the crime king pin of the shadow government? \n\nSpez: Straight to her crinkly, lying mug.\n\nSpez 2: Thanks for the gold! First time!'
'Just look at her facial expressions and body language.\n\nBitch is guilty as sin.'
'First. Who the fuck would even go to that. '
'You know she kills people right?'
'Their reaction was pure gold "oh please just step over here" across the whole venue. \n\nshe should have started yelling rape when they started herding her out, that really would have topped my kek (up close and personal showing killary the liberal monster she helped to create)'
'Great, then low key, then HUMA!\n'
'Talk about an adrenaline rush whole she was asking those questions. I was feeling nervous hahaha\n\n\nWay to go patriot lady! '
'I feel bad for those Secret Service agents protecting her still.'
"I guess this girl who hates Hillary doesn't know that she's being sexist and misogynistic! "
'switches to pen with poisonous ink in it...'
'I absolutely hate how cold and fake she is.  How can anyone adore such a callous robotic woman?  She is a reptile.'
'DAMN!  badass'
'Holy shit that was great.'
'SO nice to see that Raging Rancid Cunt get slapped upside the head like that.'
'Savage AF'
"I'm convinced The main character of Veep was based on Hillary and her awful people skills and lack of skills of believable bullshitting. JLD sounds so fake playing her character on veep it's like identical to how Hillary talks. Too many similarities. "
'Only word to describe the woman asking the questions: savage'
'Rent free bitches! I gar-un-tee that she will be talking about that awful white supremacist alt-right nationalist woman who accosted her during the signing. '
"Many red pills were dropped by this lady 'pede! Plus I legit laughed @ the question directed to Halal Huma! Shillary you disgusting side of beef BTFO!"
'#STATUE WARS'
"This board is fulled with shills that will try to bring us down to their level, be smart. They WANT us to act with violence. We couldn't care less about some monuments, they are trying to force it into a big deal"
'Juanita kicks ass'
'The real question is why the hell is there a statue of him at all? Did he do something amazing for whatever city/the state its in?'
"Many people will see this and not understand the point. They'll laugh and call everybody here hypocrites. \n\nThe point is not that the Clinton statue should be taken down. The point is that a war on statues is retarded. Are we going to start taking down any statue people have a problem with? God I hope not"
"It's almost like leftist don't understand that their stupid ideas can come back and bite them in the ass..."
"This is Cultural Revolution territory.\n\nWe should NOT encourage unleashing this, we won't be able to control it.\n\nIf society on both sides begins to form mobs to tear down history, that's the Cultural Revolution and I failed to stop it.\n\nYou don't want this, trust me."
'Statues of living people are hella dumb. '
"Sorry, don't agree with this.\n\nThat is their level."
"We need to keep all of our statues up. We can't just hypocritically take down statues of people we don't like while telling other people to not do the very same."
'Yep, liberals always want to start shit then once it gets turned around they realize how fucking stupid they are, so they double down.\n\nAnd the cycle never ends... they lose, lose lose.'
"Let's destroy everything we don't like. That'll make it better for sure. And never ever respect anyone else's thoughts or beliefs if they differ from yours."
'"BUT WE LOVE RAPISTS NOW!!!"'
"I don't think I head anything about a statue in that video. Am I missing something?"
'This is a no joke lawsuit - the guy filing it used to be an FEC official. '
"Guys, I love you, you know this (no homo). But I've said it before and I'll say it  again,Liberal Democrats, ESPECIALLY the Clintons, are never going to face punishment for what they do. Hell, part of the FBI was IN ON IT! The DOJ will never convict these people. This is why it's so important for us to vote against them and keep them out of power. If we get lax in 2018 for the midterms we will be right back into the swamp. Remember, go out and vote, get every nationalist you know to vote, It's the only way to stop this."
'Another law broken... is anyone keeping a list? She already broke the "3 strikes your out", how she is still walking free is a little miracle but we know she has dirt on the ones who should have stopped her before.'
'> It’s unclear what Hillary Clinton may have known about the research, though Fallon said he didn’t know at the time.\n\n[She knew!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVrDjJixbSc)'
"WaPo just trying to get ahead of the curve before the real shit storm comes out, so it looks like they weren't on the side of blatant and intentional corruption the whole time."
'Isn’t it funny that Hillary wasted all this money and still lost? Sad!'
"There's no way this woman shouldn't be in jail. Can we finally lock her up now?"
'Democrats project. \n\nProjection is part of the mental disorder known as liberalism.'
"Let me hold my nose and check something real quick...\n\n...\n\nOk, back from REEEEEdacted, no sign at all of this. I'm not sure what I expected."
'WaPo editorial staff despises GEOTUS....  wonder if something happened between White House and Bezos'
'Just a reminder...this fake dossier was a 4chan Russian pissing fan fic'
"Someone needs to trace the Russian money that moved from the CF into the Obama Foundation. When you find that, you will see why Obama let her get rid of the spy ring and put his legacy at risk. He HAD to have been paid, as he had to have known about Uranium One deal and the spy ring case before the Fed's discovered Podesta and HRC being in bed with them."
'Can someone explain this to me? What’s a dossier and whys it bad to fund it?'
"> WaPo going after the Clintons\n\nNo they aren't.  They are covering things up.  This was a huge coup by Podesta - we were going to get a look at Fusion GPS's bank records and now we aren't because they admitted who funded the dossier.  \n\nThey are hiding something much bigger than this and just like the emails they plan on saying no laws were broken. "
"I'm not going to lie, you could cut glass with my erection right now. "
'I think Bill is more worried about his hooker fund than his wife.'
'Why is Washington Post suddenly going against the Clintons? I thought they were colluding with them'
'So what is WaPo going to do about their chief of propaganda officer, John Podesta?'
"The timing of the sudden denunciation of H. Weinstein made us all curious at the time.  I wonder if **this** is the reason Weinstein was put on the official shit list, and all the others were outed.  Now it's just \\#MeToo, and not zOMG BILL CLINTON!!!1!.  \n\nDo the Clintons have *that* kind of influence?"
'**AIR FUCK ONE**'
'WTF is it with the generic butchered image in the submission that has fuckall to do with the thread title? Makes it look like a bot posted it rather than a human. Serious question.'
'Imagine my shock.    /s'
'“Air Fuck One” \n\nLmao '
'Well, consider me shocked '
'Hillary divorces Bill, gets pity from the left and preps her 2020 fail of a run. Seems like a storybook ending to her life.'
"Ummmmm, we should not give up our standards of proof about this.  \n\nAbsolutely no doubt this guy was and is a horndog, and I'm not throwing doubt on the story of anyone who could show contemporary evidence (like a split lip).  But I was around when grown women, and not just star-struck, brainless interns like Monica Lewinsky, were throwing themselves at him.  This was no secret at the time.  Bill had a hell of a lot of fun in the governor's office and on the campaign trail.\n\nAlso, I am well aware that the Democrats would be gleeful if even one of these new charges against Bill Clinton were demonstrated to be faked, especially if we bit too soon.  Then they would say that because one new charge was faked, all of the others are, too.\n\nThe evidence against Clinton is already damning."
'Bill just looks like a rapist. '
'Waiting for MSM to call them all liars and bimbos'
'"Bill Clinton is facing accusations of sexual assault from four  women, **highly placed Democratic Party sources have told author Ed Klein."**\n\n'
'Time to order four caskets for some unfortunate "accidents"'
"I'm happy to see Clinton go down in the news but saddened to see that more people have suffered at his hand. "
'>in their late teens at the time of the alleged assaults'
'The article states the Justice Department "caved" to pressure from the WH. Caved my ass! How about "acted appropriately in the face of undeniable evidence of misdeeds"?'
'Liberals: **WE HAVE TO KEEP INVESTIGATING DRUMPF CUZ THERE HAS TO BE SOMETHING**\n\nAlso liberals: **STOP INVESTIGATING HILLARY YOU WHITE MALES IGNORE ALL THE EVIDENCE OR YOUR A SEXIST BIGOT**\n\n-improper use of "your" added for effect'
"There is NO WAY for classified emails to end up on Anthony Weiner's computer without laws being broken.\n\nNO WAY."
'# THIS EXPLAINS THE HOUSE FIRE'
'You know justice is too slow when this bitch has had ample opportunity to destroy evidence not once, but like 50 times. '
'LOCK HER THE FUCK UP\n\nHow sweet would it be if after decades of complete corruption the Trump administration would manage to usher in a new era of lawful governance.'
"It's about damn time!"
'Fuck yeah!'
'Ahhhh this makes sense. I was wondering what this Bannon nonsense was when I turned on Fox this morning.'
'Reddit appears to have slowed to a crawl since this broke. '
'I want this to be true but it might be fake news. I cannot find any other source that confirms this to be true.'
'"Oh no, they\'re going to get a warrant and search my house!"\n\n ¯\\\\\\_(ツ)\\_/¯'
"You want scorched earth politics? You get scorched earth politics.\n\nOf course, Killary actually committed a crime, whereas Trump didn't. Maybe they should have thought of that first."
'The Justice Department actually does something good. Wow.\n\nToo bad they also did something exceptionally stupid today with marijuana. I think that will have a huge negative effect on Republicans going forward. '
'LOCK THAT BITCH UP'
'No wonder all Twitter is pushing is Sessions and Weed instead of this. '
"I've never been such a mix of excited and nervous.\n\nWell, maybe election night. Wtf is going on"
"Holy Fuck! It's all in Poker... \n\nAnd the Clintons are holding Aces and Eights."
'This is genius. They won\'t release because they have "classified info" which means she broke the law.'
"Why the fuck isn't she fifty years behind bars, you might ask."
'No more games! Release everything! Take out the corrupt Dems! '
"Fuck, we're moving so fast now... but I knew what I signed up for... no brakes!"
'Wait, did I miss something, or was this what it said about the source:\n\n"...according to three sources familiar with the President’s thinking."\n\nNot only that, but it was coming from CNN. Why on Earth would we be listening to them? Is it OK for them to do this shit as long as it\'s something that we like?'
'Hell fucking yes. I’m hella drunk and this makes me so fucking excited. MAGA FUCKIN MAGA'
"I've got a fear MAGA-Boner "
'The absolute mad man is on a roll.'
"It's an all out attack Hilary's MOAB is coming."
"He's going after the bitch. "
'Damned Russians meddling again!!'
"Unfortunately she'll never be held to the standards of the rest of us."
'Anyone remember why the Hillary emails are still not available? Trump has been  in the Whitehouse since January. The missing emails. Trump has to have them at this point right? If not, who is keeping them from him?'
"I'm so jaded. I feel like they're just releasing these scandals to rub in our faces the complete lawlessness of the swamp"
'I wonder how much of this has to do with mueller suddenly saying he has an indictment of someone?\n\nPresident Trump fighting back?'
'All of a sudden, Hillary\'s reported, "we\'ll all swing from nooses" rant seems so much more real. '
'Clinton and the DNC basically paid Russians for "dirt" on Trump. Sorry redacted but "b-b-b-but technically FusionGPS/Orbis paid the Russians, not the DNC" doesn\'t cut it. '
"Al Capone didn't go to prison for bootlegging or murder. It was tax evasion. The government gets all sorts of serious when money is involved."
"I really, REALLY don't care for speculation and wishful thinking anymore.  Let's see some people locked up and then I'll be happy."
'Does this mean Jeb! broke the law too? '
'Beginning to think that DNC means "Do Not Charge".  Are there no laws that apply to them?'
"She's often confused"
'This is a felony.  Just stated it on Fox.'
'There are still some misinformed wretches out there that think Trump will be impeached because of ties to Russia.'
"Well, she didn't mean to break the law, so no reasonable prosecutor would take this case. "
'Are we tired yet??'
'Let me guess.\n\nShe had no idea any of this was going on.\n\nEveryone around here will get immunity.'
"What's scary is that people know all of this law breaking, and still vote for her. "
'FEC complaints top kek whichever mod stickied this has amnesia '
'Anyone want to confirm the legal punishment for this?'
'Russia should sue the DNC for the false accusations '
'Now we know who was colluding with foreign powers to hijack the election! '
'What laws hasn’t she broken “at this point? ..... what difference does it even make?”'
"Misleading title.  The FEC isn't lodging the complaint."
"no shit...\n\n“Everyone loves a witch hunt as long as it's someone else's witch being hunted.”\n"
'They caught some cheating NCAA assistant basketball coaches though!  Keep us safe FBI!'
'This guy is tied to something.....I wouldn’t doubt ISIS.....give it a few more days'
'I was willing to accept he’s just a normal guy with no political motives. But this obvious distraction tactic seems to tell me otherwise. '
'The LV shooter didn’t have dirt on the FBI.'
"Saw a pic of this guy wearing a pussy hat, presumably during a march. Distinct lack of info from the media on this guy's political inclinations. \n\nHe's a leftwing crackpot. Bet."
'Oswald, lone gunman, clearly.'
"As the Real Conan would ask before a stupid fight...  Who's your pay coming from."
"Well, all that means is that they know he's tied to something else but cant admit to it."
"Who gives a shit about Isis? Confirm if he has ties to America's Isis: AntiFA"
'Its possible this may be the vegas shooter wearing a pink pussy hat at an anti trump rally in nevada \nhttps://pamelageller.com/2017/10/vegas-attack-antitrump.html/'
'Very suspect indeed '
"Shamelessly stolen, but it's a damn good point."
'Has there ever been a time when there were more investigations with little to no prosecutions? '
'Why the fuck is it just 11 reps? It should be all of them...followed by a vote.'
'This is just a call for more investigations.  We have no shortage of investigations.  What we are lacking is handcuffs.'
'Let’s not forget that skanky Debbie Ramen Noodle Head that threatened the Capitol Police.  Edit: Wendy or Windy because she blows.'
'Pressure builds.  \n\nSlowly, slowly, catchee monkey'
"Let's see...we have Mueller investigating everything Trump at this point. No evidence of coluuuuusion. Yet $hillary and Co get off scott-free"
'IMPORTANT!!! Message AG Jeff Sessions in support of this! \nUse the contact form https://www.justice.gov/doj/webform/your-message-department-justice\n\nSelect “Messages to the Attorney General” in the message topics options and let your voice be heard!\n\nYou have to do this whether you think it will result in direct action or not. You have to register your opinion. Even if it only allows the AG to say they have heard from the American people and they are outraged, that is ammo they need.'
'Sessions is Sleepy and Rosenstein isn’t going to prosecute himself.'
'Mueller, Holder, and ALL poverty pimps....'
'No Obama?'
'So we only have 11 members of the house worth a shit? That’s the big question.'
'"Today I have instructed Jeff Sessions to prosecute, in no particular order: Crooked Clinton, Leakey Comey, McCabe, Cankles Lynch, Sallly Yates, the FBI Lovebird Agents, and Dana Boentes. First one singing gets a PARDON. Lets DEAL!"'
"I'm missing Obama on that list. The fact alone that he's a Kenyan who somehow made it to president should he enough to lock him up forever. "
'This letter is the most toothless piece of trash'
'Is this it or just more fangless congressional bitching? '
'Lol, watch Jeff Sessions ignore this plea.\n\nAt this point the senators and congressmen should just force Swampy Jeffy to resign.'
'Shit or get off the pot, Sessions!'
"Trumps staple is firing people who can't do they're job. It's only a matter of time. "
"Yeah, great, but WHEN ???\n\nLiberals are getting too damn comfortable.\n\nLet's get this fucking show on the road!!!"
'Professor Turley, "Comey harming FBI with his book." \n\nComey about Comey. Nothing more.'
'I can hardly wait for the judge to tell them that they have no "standing".'
'They won’t. Dems never get what they deserve. Shame on America. (I’m American)'
"Will see what happens...  But I won't be happy until I see a Jury of Trump supporters!"
"I wonder if Bill had to suck Weinstein's jagon."
"I am shocked!!! (I'm really not)"
'It seems all bad roads lead to Clinton or Obama.'
'This stuff is gamergate times a thousand. No, maybe even times a million.'
'If the media/journalists put half as much effort into investigating the Clintons as they do their "enemies", they would be serving prison time. \n\n\nSame goes for Obama. '
"Yeah there's something very rotten and it's not Dunham's cooch.\n\n"
"This is what we're up against folks, a massive network of tightly connected, extremely wealthy child rapists. \n\n\nWE STAND WITH YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP. BURN IT DOWN!"
'Hollywood often presents sexually repressed conservatives as being the stereotypical sexual abuser but it seems more and more that it is really the  "sexually liberated" left that have the problem.'
'Is the link broken for anyone else?'
'“Isis suck goat dick......and dick”. FTFY'
"> The Las Vegas Shoot will never be explained\n\nSeriously, after San Bernardino there were reporters rifling through the suspects' house & personal belongings.  There was a nationwide controversy on cracking the password on his phone.\n\nWhy so silent on Las Vegas?"
'NOTICE YOU ARE DISTRACTED BY ALL THIS.  \n\nPLEASE FOCUS ON AWAN CASE.  '
'THIS. The ONLY response the left has is BUT HE SAID GRAB HER BY THE PUSSY. Mental Gymnastics by the mentally ill'
"No one knows. At this point I'm betting they wish they could stuff the genie back in the bottle. It's having a lot of collateral damage against the left. Whoops!\n\nSpez: this is one theory\n\nhttp://blogs.timesofisrael.com/why-the-ny-times-is-suddenly-taking-down-harvey-weinstein/"
'Fuck Obama'
'When is he getting arrested, you might ask.'
'#WE HAD RANGZ N SHIT'
'Never have I heard so much about a \'president\' (although I would never refer to Obama as being that) wanting a "legacy". I hear this constantly, the fuckers legacy is that he was trash.'
'So is this fucking prick going to jail, or what?'
'To be fair, I think Obama is pissed at Hillary and the DNC more than anything else.  Muh Coalition......\n\nhttp://canadafreepress.com/article/obama-too-busy-giving-paid-speeches-to-help-bankrupt-dnc'
'cast his legacy into the fire'
'One bigass mistake America.'
'What a wasted 8 years. '
'Is it just me, or does a blatantly corrupt and incompetent administration seem kinda nineteenth-century to you guys?'
'Mmm.... Stupid voters... My preciousssss '
'muh drone strikes'
'I must’ve missed it, what’s the soap chewing reference? '
'Manufactured by CIA and Dick Lugar'
'Bitch is going down🐸'
'It\'s about time for some "terrible consequences!"'
'She would know, being an expert at abusing power and all. '
'The answer to the absolute furthest distance one can stick their own head up their own ass? Hillary Clinton.'
'Hillary is so obsessed with attaining power, loving power down to the deepest part of her psyche, that no sane person should ever give her any power whatever.  That’s why she lost.  \n\nShe is **seriously** mentally ill.'
"I wouldn't mind seeing her powerfully abused in prison."
'Being immune to investigation is the abuse of power. Not the other way around.'
"OKAY! Now that she opened her putrid face about this the DOJ should be very interested in the investigation. It's been a long time coming for this criminal who never thought twice about selling out america for some power and money. The sickness runs deep in that family and they need to be made an example of."
'LOCK. HER. UP.  Nasty woman.'
"She's fuckin scared"
"That's some shit a pimp would say."
'#who\'s down to abuse the f out of "power" ? WE  ARE :) '
"I I'm Hillary Clinton, I'm a cunt. Vote for me. Under sniper fire people like to shoot those who are more important than me."
"She's always going to double down. Well then, we'll just have to double down on her. Fuck this bitch. She's finally getting thrown under the bus so my question is why not sooner? Had the media thrown the Clinton cabal under the bus around same time last year who knows, maybe I would not be a Trump supporter. But I'm glad I am where I am now. Get ready for what's coming to you you cunt."
'hilldawg will end up assassinated by deep state before they let her confess.  too much collateral damage'
"She's kind of correct, the power she is referring to is her own unjust power, and she'll try to believe justice against unjust power is abuse.\n\nThis is someone on the verge of internal collapse."
"We need to destroy the clowns. This is propaganda at it's purest. Controlled state narratives approved by them. \n\nOne million pieces"
'The CIA is a serious problem that sooner or later we are going to have to deal with. '
"CIA can be shut down with a single EO. If they can't abide by the Constitution, we have no need for them."
"NDAA of 2012 gave the CIA funds to use propaganda on the American citizens. Less than a year later, Jeff Bezos' Washington Post closed a $500mil deal with the CIA."
'1.  What is the objective criteria to get on this "trusted" list?\n\n2.   Which CIA supervisor makes the decision to put journalists on this list? \n\n3.  What are the names of the trusted journalists?\n\nConservative media does a piss poor job of making stories explode.  '
"This is meaningless if we don't do something about it.  Friendly warning, pedes."
'Propaganda unleashed!'
'Seriously pisses me off! Get rid of these people, theyre more actively against the people in this country than anybody else in the world. '
'"Trusted" = "Biased towards my view".'
'resubmit the Smith-Mundt Act but call it the Trump-Rand Act, and increase the punishment ten fold.'
'"The government side of the story is coming through the Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, The Washington Post", he stated. "They use the giant corporate press rather than saying anything directly. If you work through friendly reporters on major newspapers, it comes off as The New York Times saying it and not a mouthpiece of the CIA." Gary Webb, 1997, later suicide by two shots to the head.\n\nHe said that the CIA had created and distributed crack. The same time he was reporting on this, the Clintons were pushing the Tough on Crime Bill that targeted crack users.\n\nProblem, reaction, solution. '
"It's absolutely disgraceful, and something that needs much more coverage. But we know the dishonest press obviously isn't going to splash that headline across their front page. It's up to us to push it into the mainstream."
'The deep state/DNC/Media complex needs to be destroyed'
'This is literally how propaganda works.'
"Yeah, no.  Sorry, it's either classified or it's not.  You can't just pick and choose which classes of people (with all classes lacking the clearance to see classified data).  That's not how that works. "
'A world where Chris Cuomo was right. Wtf. '
'Operation Mockingbird never ended and the repeal of the Smith-Mundt act makes things worse. This law is just a cherry on top of what they already do.'
"It's illegal to read these emails yourself, but it's different for us because we're the media. So and information you're getting, you're getting from us.\n\nParaphrased "
'Send in the Marines and start paddling them. Flog then publicly and livestream it. Dumb motherfuckers. '
'FUCK THE CIA'
"I'm 10000% with defunding the CIA. They have caused more harm than good."
'In other words - propaganda. '
'It is time this country red pills the masses. Watching HRC and Podesta sit in chains during a trial will cause so much triggering, but as she pleads guilty, it will all make sense.'
'Senate can eat shit.  I want the DoJ investigating.'
"Nothing will ever come of any of this.  I hope I'm wrong but i doubt it. "
'~~Senate investigation~~ Dog and pony show (prove me wrong by indicting Hillary and friends)'
"The news won't report this and when they do, they will leave out certain key facts to make their fake agenda believable. This is an information war taken to the streets, it is up to each and every one of us to do what we can (with our safety being top priority) in spreading this news."
'I guess they want in on all the info Sessions has been hiding from them. It is gonna be 50 Debbie Wasserman Shultzs asking how much incriminating evidence exists on them.'
'who thinks they put annoying autoplay video/audio on that site to make sure no one reads article?'
'She could go in front of them, admit she is guilty, and nothing would happen.  '
'Yea yea yea...bla bla bla...and nothing will happen...but i dream it does...!'
'Build the Wall, and a gallows.  Hang every one of these criminal traitors.'
'107 comments, no up votes?\n'
'This might be a huge back fire for libs. They kept shouting Russia and their coalition with Trump conspiracy theory only for ti to be revealed it was them working with Russia.'
'What about DoJ? Are they building any cases against corruption and racketeering? Does the DoJ do anything other than block the law from applying to government officials?'
'I hope these folks don’t just plead the fifth. Or lots of “I can’t recall” bullshit. If this was anyone on Trump’s team, they’d be put on the spotlight in front of the world for this. '
'Could the president over ride Jeff Sessions decision, and give this confidential informant immunity from the gag order/non disclosure agreement?'
'Fuck the Senate I bet most of them need to be investigated and handcuffed too.'
'Hillary can be as forgetful as she wants, not recalling all the way to Prison!!!'
'The rats are running out of places to hide. The fact the Fake News Industrial Complex is NOT covering this story tells me not only is it true...it is massive and way more to it than we know.\nWe shall see if any Perp walks happens....But one thing about it...that pristine Muh 0bama never had a scandal is long gone.'
"Buh buh we're already investigating muh Russia so you don't have to. In fact it may be illegal for you to investigate much Russia on your own so just let us do it and present the important facts to you."
'Useless. How many “investigations” has congress had in the last year? Too many. And nothings come of it. Its a dog and pony show thats a waste of tax payers money that gets nothing done. \n\nDRAIN THE SWAMP'
"It's treason then?"
'I want a real investagtion by real law inforcement with real consequences if laws were broke! And we all know they were'
'I want to know what kind of "penance" she does for Lynn de Rothschit.  \n\nCan you imagine if Clinton is like, self mutilating herself or some other weird fucking shit because the global jewish elite fancy themselves rulers of the world.  '
"Gee, guys...I'm starting to think that this Mueller fellow might be a slightly biased piece of shit."
"They're not even trying to hide their bias against Trump anymore. It really is a witch hunt."
'So the scope of this guys investigation is whatever the fuck he wants it to be and its over when he says its over? THATS SO NORMAL!'
'Mueller can go shove a cactus up his ass'
"They're desperate to pin anything on POTUS.  It's not going to stick, again. Sorry libshits!"
'And this is proof of what crime, exactly? Liberals are out of their fucking minds.'
"1. Attack Trump continuously.\n2. Take back House and Senate \n3. Take the guns away.\n4. Remove Trump from office.\n5. Never give back the country.\n\nThat's the plan. When are we going to do something about it?"
"That's fair right!?!? You know Hill-dog had good intentions so it's no biggie for her. That Drumpf, I heard he also stole money from Haiti and had a few people killed. What about those emails Drumpf had that were supposed to be classified but he had them on a private server so the Russians can spy on us!!!! Dduuurrruuummmppfffff!!!!!!"
' #Where is the ACLU? This is a clear violation of Attorney-Client privilege!'
'Why the panic on here?\n\nThis is going to take a sharp \n\n###LEFT\n\n\nturn just like with Flynn, Manafort, etc.'
"Bbbbbbbut she didn't win hurr durr"
"Sessions, you need to un-recuse yourself and put an end to this farce. If you don't, you're part of the swamp that needs draining."
'The train has too many passengers now, if they pull some funny shit on our pres this country will be in a fucking uproar!!!'
'i say impeach = civil war.  no peaceful way that i can see.'
"Seriously, that's what this is about.  More and more evidence that this is in fact a witch hunt."
'It’s this kind of overt double standard that makes me think if they charge him we may end up in a civil war'
"Why are we linking to a website like the dailycaller? I'm not giving those swamp fake media creatures a single eyeball. "
'Time to fire this guy...  This is turning into a Witch hunt...'
'Maybe, but we have to remember that Trump is POTUS, not her.\n\nYou can never let these special prosecutors get started because they will find something. \n\nSessions has been Trumps biggest screw up and could be his ultimate downfall.'
'The deep state wants Trump to fire Mueller because it will give them grounds for impeachment.'
'Mueller is a first class POS and traitor.  Corrupt to the core.  Wants to take out our duly elected great President. Drop dead Mueller!'
'This whole fake investigation needs to be shut down.'
'One bullet can have more influence than all the protests and votes in the world.'
'You guys never let her finish and you always take what she says out of context.\n\nThe full quote is: "Illegal immigrant children have to go...TO THE VOTING BOOTH WHEN THEY GET OLDER"'
'This is from before she knew her entire voter base was fraudulent illegals'
">But we have so to send a clear message, just because your child gets across the border, that doesn’t mean the child gets to stay. So, we don’t want to send a message that is contrary to our laws or will encourage more children to make that dangerous journey.\n\nWeird, this is precisely my position. Yes, it sucks to send young adults back, but we can't send the message to the world that if you 'make that dangerous journey' there's a big payoff at the end. That puts a lot of people at risk. Hillary Clinton agrees with a Nazi."
'I\'ve decided to leave a quote because someone else has always said it better: \n"The biggest weapon that the right has is the incompetence of the left." -Ben Shapiro '
'wtf i like hillary now'
"Oh lord. Doesn't get any better than this."
'Russians photoshopped that video! \n\nDrumpft is surely finished now!\n\nTo the Clintons lying is the same as breathing. \n'
'Wait, you thinking exposing liberals as hypocrites does anything? They basically live to say one thing and do the other.'
'She lies about her own lies!'
'This complete scumbag would go straight from this interview to another and say she was all for them staying. Complete scum.'
"I'm going to drop this vid on 100 thumb drives and stick them in the mail boxes of every libtard soccer mom in my neighborhood"
'Every celeb bitching about DACA on Twitter needs that link spammed to them.\n\n'
"This world is truly worthless when the most corrupt and powerful people are straight up fucking degenerate hillbillies. If you read a book or watched a movie and you got to the end and Bill and Hillary were the bad guys behind everything, you'd demand a refund because its too fucking stupid. "
'Goddamn bernie!'
'Bernies fault probably too'
'POLITICIANS ALL TALK NO ACTION!'
'HOLY SHIT! BAHAHAHAHAHAHAhhzhHhahahzhabHahahahahahshashshshahahshshshshshahshahagahahah in fucking dieing of laughter. Cucks get wrecked bahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!1!1!1!1!-!-'
'Bald faced lying while the Obama admin was running ads to bring more people into the US.  Does anyone really think that thousands of people in Mexico and Central America suddenly decided one day to send their kids to the US?  They were invited here under cover of lies like this.'
'WTF I agree with Hlliary now.'
'I\'m betting she\'s going to die before she goes anywhere near a courtroom by "natural causes" (Deep State assassination) then MSM will pull the "We\'ll just never know the truth now" card. Bookmark this post.'
'Could the pope shit in his hat?'
'Why is funding a stupid dossier bigger news than the obama admin being  bribed into selling 20% of us uranium to russia then covering it up.'
'Of course he did.\n\nLiberals are completely ignoring this too. \n\n#COMPLICIT'
"Tom, you have clearly come to kick ass and chew bubble gum. And let me guess, you're all out of bubble gum, right?\n\n👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍"
"Oh he knew and he's somewhere shitting his pants right now. "
'Best case. Incompetence. Worst case. Collusion. \n\nThe Obama presidency ladies and gentlemen! '
"I think it's possible that Obama was just a puppet. Let him be a figure head while the sneaky sneaks plot their attacks.\n\nJust saying. IDK"
'If he didn’t he was incompetent as president \n\n\nWhy wouldn’t he know he’s the president '
'Obama for prison 2018 👮'
'Obama knew everything that was going on, but he\'ll get away with claiming he didn\'t and falling back on "rogue staffers" as an excuse.'
'Comey is a Weasel.  Fuckery Bullshit Incoming. '
'And, as usual, *MAGICALLY* the first comments on the Twitter post are some libtard account trying to deflect the entire subject back to Trump in a desperate, long chain of comments and shilling...\n\n**REALLY MAKES YOU FUCKIN THINK**'
"Downvote brigade is energetic this morning.  What's the matter, kiddos?  Are you mad that your entire party from your favorite candidate all the way down to you, the useful idiot, are getting called out for the criminals, traitors and frauds that you are?\n\nAww."
"Comey should be prosecuted, but it's rumored he received full immunity from his buddy Robert Mueller. \n\nTrump and/or Jeff Sessions need to end Mueller's investigation ASAP and start prosecuting the real criminals like Comey, Lynch, the Clintons, DWS, and Obama."
'Comey should be executed for treason. Yeah, I said it. If you disagree,fuck you too. Covfefe!'
'Trump has no chill'
'A President who says the system is rigged WHILE in office, what timeline is this ??'
'Its kind of sad every time i click on one of these tweets the comments are always so toxic.'
'Comey must be arrested & convicted of obstruction of justice!'
"Oh my fuck, look at those tweets.  It's like everyone is fucking retarded."
'I think people overlook a huge issue, Comey fell on his sword for this country. He knew that an investigation could reveal this and all of the other lovely, dirty secrets.\n\nHow bad, corrupt are the Democrats and Republicans? What more will they find on Trump and Russia relationship? On Hillary and her emails?\n\nMy opinion is that she should be in jail, any other American would be.'
'ACKCHUALLY she gave money to "Fusion GPS", not "GPS Fusion", haha silly Drumpf!!'
'##**MAD MAN!**   He is setting the stage for a tactical truth bomb'
'OH SHIT ITS HAPPENING'
'#Lmfao that fake NSA Larper replying to POTUS his bio *inhales* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH “Profane as fuck” HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH'
'Time to arrest Hillary for treason.'
'holy shit! was Hillary mentioned by name in the memo? '
"Damn, quoting Tom Fitton, ain't that cool"
'Pure treason. Obongo and Hitlery going to Gitmo'
'Why the fuck is my ding dong hard?'
'Stop it Mr President, I can only get so erect...'
'Why the fuck is my ding dong hard?\n\n'
'Do you think the players will be held in contempt of court by the FISA judge?'
"If only he were to just tweet out a picture of Seth Rich's Gravesite with no commentary whatsoever, liberal heads would explode. It would be the Triggering"
'"Trump didn\'t want to be president so he colluded with russia to rig the election. Also I\'m a woman now, call me Loretta." - Some fag on redacted right now. '
'Falling tendies aweigh!! '
"This is why the Trump/Bannon fallout isn't real and got hyped. It was a Honeypot for Trump to prove who's fake news is going to win a fake news award."
"He should of mentioned that Hillary's house fire needs further investigation because burning evidence is a crime...and no coincidence FBI re-opened investigation the next day."
'I made the mistake of reading the comments and now I have cancer.'
'No brakes!'
"Holy shit. What a month this has been so far and it's only the 5th!"
'NO FILTER. BASED POTUS.\n\n#MAGA'
'Also Trump should be allowed at least 50 kills on the Mueller legal team and witnesses. Got it?'
"Was sessions being used as a decoy so the dems launch an attack so they couldn't do the same with someone else?"
"Georgey boy didn't like those answers.  Not one bit."
'SAVAGE AF'
'That bias was incredible. Also, why on earth would he devote 85% of the interview to stormy? Pathetic journalism. '
'Do you think little George (Michael?) has a designated footstool for these interviews? Maybe they also have the ABCs on the first step so he doesn’t get confused. '
'Do not trust this guy.'
'Couldn’t it just happen at a remote hangar at an airport and be disguised as a discussion of golf and grandchildren?'
"The scary part is that the last part is actually going to happen.  They have already made their decision, now they're just looking for any kind of evidence they can use to make it true."
'Well, he is known as George Clintonopoulos so he would know that this is a hoax'
'I was just about to say the same thing. Trumps legal team must be legally allowed to murder any witnesses brought forth by Mueller.'
"#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#196849385117000)\n\n#CURRENT SPEED: 237,969,385,117,000 MPH!\n\nAt that rate, it would take approximately 7.052 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!\n\n\n"
"He's mocking him dude...."
'Same exactly as Clinton did. It would drive them nuts. Simulation confirmed.'
'No, Sessions is and always was on team Trump. Remember, the entire Trump-Sessions feud was a ruse. '
"That's where you're wrong, kiddo."
"He'll be on it long enough to shut this witch hunt down and lock up Clinton and Obama.\n\nThat's how you MAGA.\n "
"Move bitch, get out da' way."
'With the way things are going, she would be the next Adlai Stevenson 2nd who was nominated by the Democrats twice and lost to Eisenhower twice. '
"These fake tweets aren't MAGA."
'I’m seeing fewer and fewer T_D stories on my feed :( '
'If any laws are to remain valid in this country, this entire mob has to be punished severely.'
'Hillary is going to give a new meaning to “I hate Mondays”'
"I wouldn't call her the worst loser of all time. She's pretty good at losing."
'Who is the orange cunt now?'
"Only thing she hasn't lost : DAT GINORMOUS ASS  "
"I wonder if she's sleazy enough to plead insanity when the time comes. "
"The more we talk about her the more books she sells :(  Let's just move on"
"This nation-destroying(not just one) bitch is not remotely beat until she's rotting in prison."
'Hillary for prison '
"Ahem ... she hasn't lost the pay to play millions. She and Bill are filthy rich. We need to work on that one too.\n\nI'm all for earned high net worth, but these two are crooks of the worst caliber."
'> stole Whitehouse furniture and forced to return it\n\nLOL?'
'Reddit and the liberal media are circle jerking about no "political bias."\n\nlol the whole IG report is riddled with political bias.'
'Hey chill everyone, The FBI is taking the day off for Treason Sensitivity training.'
'We stopped them, regardless of what happens now to the bad actors, we stopped them. Conspiracy is no longer a theory, this crap really happened. Billions of dollars, the President, the FBI, NSA and CIA all against President Trump and he still won.  \n\nSometimes I still cannot believe we won.  Everyone that voted for President Trump can give themselves a pat on the back, we are saving the free world.  Next  are the mid terms.'
'Follow-up Tweet:\n\n>The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!'
'I wonder if this "we\'ll stop him" was the beginning of the Russian investigation and if they can prove it as, and then turn this back onto these fbi agents for prosecution.\n\nI want arrests'
'People in the replies trying to defend Slippery James Comey and Crooked Hillary. Sad! '
"But there's no evidence of bias.  We were just joking around, right?  Haha?"
"He held his wife's cock up high, put it down, and then he lied!\n\nSad!"
'Don\'t think me stupid, but what was the deal with the "Rosenstein is redacting the IG Report" narrative that was being spun last week?  Was the IG Report a "final draft" that included changes Rosenstein wanted?  If so, are they going to release the previous drafts?'
'Ackshully...it gets worse when that text is withheld from Congress by your own appointees...'
'Enemies of the state. '
'The fact that Hillary was inevitably going to be the next president (snicker) colored everything Comey did in the investigation of her mishandling of classified info. HE SAID AS MUCH!\n\nThat\'s the very definition of "political bias!"\n\nDon\'t let leftists, their media, or the shield-protectors pretend to be this obtuse.'
'Or any more biased.  '
'FIRE him and the rest of them. '
'No evidence of bias. /s'
"I wish these people would get arrested but I'm not getting my hopes up all that much, if at all. "
"Liberal cucks HATE winning. It's in their nature."
'He needs to post about the texts stating that the one agent wanted to destroy the Republic.  '
'Talk about threat to our democracy...'
'WHY IS STROK NOT IN JAIL ALREADY? WTF GIVES'
'I lose utter faith knowing not one of these people are locked up and just demoted into lower positions'
"People need to stop referring to Strzok as FBI agent. He wasn't just an agent. "
'It is treason.  '
'As pointed at by Mark Levin. The fbi in their response vows to train employees better to avoid political bias while simultaneously claiming there was no political bias involved. It’s plain as fucking day what happened here. '
"These are Hillary supporters we're talking about here....they're really stupid"
'Reddit and liberal media are in full damage control'
"Press P to piss on Obama's bed."
'Mueller is a PoS \nHe colluded w Russia. Fuck mueller the cover up guy. '
'EXCLUSIVE TRANSCRIPT FROM THE URANIUM DEALS: "I\'ll have two atom bombs, an atom bomb large, a nuclear missile with extra uranium, a drone strike, 2 pepperoni pizzas, one with **extra** cheese, and a large soda."'
'"all you had to do was follow the damn train"'
'All you had to do was Follow the damn money CJ'
"If Hillary had been elected, the Clinton Crime Syndicate would've taken over America. Glad we dodged that bullet. Whew!"
'Instead of GTA where you get released from prison hours after committing heinous crimes, they should be locked up indefinitely'
'Obama & Hillary sold uranium from US to Russia - Russia then sold to Iran who used American cash to buy it and build bombs with it in North Korean nuclear facilities created by Bill Clinton. \n\nFull fucking circle. Obama and Clintons are part of the axis of evil. Russia is outplaying all of them. '
"Lynch ain't skippin any buffet lines ...... will prison food be enough? "
'Wait wait wait. This all happened during the Obama administration. How can that be possible if it was scandal free?'
'Missing a helicopter...'
"She's a nasty thing inside and out."
'Critical mass legs'
"If it weren't for double standards, liberals would have no standards at all."
'Please, for the love of god, DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. I’m so tired of the Clinton’s bullshit. LOCK. HER. UP.'
'Saturday Evening Fire Side Chat incoming! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/937142713211813889'
'Fuck em up Commander in Chief'
'He just shit on ABC! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/937145025359761408'
'Mueller probe = WITCH HUNT.'
'The FBI are the enemy of the people. Dismantle the alphabet organizations, they are tainted beyond repair.  '
'High pressure coming in from the North East meeting LOW energy fronts. \n\nI think a storms a brewing boys. Get your COATS!!!'
"Calling it. Flynn' s guilty plea was 4D chess. WITNESS me."
'Rigged it is!\n\nMAGA!'
"Trump should fire Sessions and Rosenstein once tax cuts are signed into law, simply stating that the current leadership team couldn't stand up to the Deep State (by actively working to minimize outside efforts to provide oversight of the agency in question using stall tactics to delay the release of publicly owned government records, often with no justification given for said delays, tactics which no doubt JW among others can attest to).\n\nThis explanation framing Sessions and Rosenstein as a 2-for-1 package deal while also disparaging the Deep State/Permanent Bureaucracy communicates that:\n\n1. Both need to go as no effective change can be made to the department just canning one w/o the other, i.e. they're part of a whole.\n\n2. Whoever takes the reigns next MUST as part of their mission being the next A.G. fight those within the DoJ who tilt the scales of justice to favor the likes of Clinton, Obama, Lynch, Holder, Lerner, etc."
'I\'m going to go with "rigged system".\n'
'The justice department under bush Clinton  and Obama all had highly politicized DOJ  Waco 9:11  fast and furious  and on and on protected by DOJ only now you are screaming about "independence ". Bullshit ... Has always been used as a political tool and still is only now tool of deep state against outsider duly elected President '
'And now we know that the FBI agent “interrogating” have a major anti-Trump bias. Could she be forced to testify again with this new knowledge? '
'REEEEEEEE Stop trying to change the subject grumpf! In peach quick before he can tweet facts again!'
'It\'s ridiculous how "justice" is not the same to everyone. I will dance the day Hillary and her buddies finally get what they deserve.'
'If it weren’t for double standards then Dems would have no standards at all. '
"My dick can only get so hard.  Don't tease me anymore "
'Wake me up when Sessions starts doing his damn job.'
'Probe my ass. They all knew it, just like the Hollywood celebrities on Weinstein.'
'Don\'t get your hopes up... heard the "they\'re finally going to jail" line too many times. The deep state will orchestrate another terrorist attack/\'controversy\' to take this away from the public\'s attention.'
"I don't want probes! I want **INDICTMENTS**! I want **ARRESTS**! I want these people receiving **JAIL TIME**!"
"I wanted to believe that the FBI was above this level of corruption. I don't believe it anymore. Any investigative body with half the authority and access should have not just been all over this but should have been screaming from mountaintops. Where are the meritorious whistle-blowers? Where have been all the leakers? They sure haven't been serving the American interests. Even those agents who are against leaks should have seen that the system was broken and emergency action needed to be taken. Couldn't they have gone to Congress? Gone to someone?\n\nThe FBI needs a purging of anyone above mid-level management and a complete restaffing of everyone with authority. This is inexcusable. "
'damn is it Christmas already?'
'Senate hearings are great at allowing the criminals to build some bullshit narrative (assisted by medias n snakes) that they are not guilty so that it doesnt look that bad once nothing is done after all following this waste of your taxes.\n\nTldr nothing will come out of this.'
'Prove this and question that. When is someone getting charged with a crime???!!?'
'There is no way the Senate will agree to anything damaging these people.'
"Senate and Congressional hearings are where investigations go to die. Nothing is ever done to the people under investigations, but they can say they are investigating them. It's a big scam!"
"Until I see Hillary and Obama in matching handcuffs and jumpsuits, I won't believe justice will be served."
'Do your damn job Sessions! DRAIN THE SWAMP ALREADY'
'Let the games begin! Shitposting before 6:30 AM usually results in a shit storm.  (maybe this is what the "calm before the storm" was referencing.)'
'Holy Shit he called out Sessions againg'
'President Trump is on fire today. '
"We need a badass AG. I like Sessions but WE NEED CORRUPT HEADS TO ROLL STARTING NOW.\n\nIf Sessions can't do it we need to cut bait and move on."
'Sessions is being a lazy dirt bag'
'This is what annoys me about Trump, dude you are the DOJ!  \nForce an investigation.'
"If he doesn't know by now Sessions is there to cover up the swamp and get Trump impeached..\n\nWhy is the president complaining about his employee? Trump should declassify everything related to the Clintons and Obama, and let the nuclear FOIA's fly. Then declassify everything else. He's not the one with anything to hide."
"Yeah Sessions, where the fuck is the DOJ?  It's about time you rescind your recusal and do the job the President chose you to do."
'Oh, shit Jeff. Wakey wakey. '
"Remember when we were excited for based Jeff? Sort've sick of his inaction.\n\nHe needs to do something, or resign."
"Gawd the Twitter user 'Ed Krassenstein', who replies to Trump, is a fucking moron. "
'More shots fired at Sessions for being a swamp monster.'
'Ed Cuckenstein needs the trump twitter ban hammer'
"Sessions is deep state. There's no other explanation."
"You have to imagine Trump is in communication with the DOJ and knows exactly what they're up to, yet for months nothing has come from Trump calling out Sessions over the lack of action DOJ. If Sessions would come out and just give a few bread crumbs in the direction he's going it would go a long way."
'If Comey, Clinton, and yes Obama are shown that they can get away with their crimes then why should any gang-banger be behind bars.  This only goes to intensify the Leftists argument against the judicial system.  No one should be above the law and if this lawlessness is permitted then how can anyone have any respect for the law.  This only leads to chaos -- exactly what the Leftists want.'
'Lock her the fuck up'
'Reading through the comment section on Trump’s Twitter page is painful'
"And if you want me to be wrong we'll.....,.,that's just wrong."
'real serious shit here pedes.'
'Someone with a badge find and take downtown for an interview that Filipino housekeeper who ill Hillary had printing off all the top secret stuff.\n\nThey must know something.  All these emails may be stored in a box in the basement of the New York house the Clintons have, stored next to giant barrels of human blood brought in from Gambia and stored next to the better-looking twin sister of Chelsea who is chained to a wall and fed two crackers and one Baby Ruth candy bar per day.'
">However, the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch argued that the search wasn't good enough because State never tried to search its own systems for relevant messages in the official email accounts of Clinton's top aides.\n\n**Are you f'in joking?** The State department only searched the sender ID and not the aides and others involved?"
"I'm surprised there are still any emails to go through, figured they'd all be destroyed by now "
'This is a witch hunt I can get behind '
"Session's DOJ might have avoided this specific fight/inconvenience  if they had already indicted her via a GJ."
"Man, this must be why the Clintons are in such awful health... even with their level of power and immunity to consequences, the stress of living every day knowing you've committed so many crimes and have so many dark secrets must wear on the body. "
"If Manafort's house can get raided by the FBI, why the FUCK didn't this asshat's shit get raided?  "
'Obama appointed judge. No indication that Obama is under investigation for his involvement in the Benghazi cover up. Throw side of beef under the bus?'
'>**Nine months after the presidential election was decided**, a federal judge is ordering the State Department to try again to find emails Hillary Clinton wrote about the Benghazi attack.\n\nIf you lose, you are automatically pardoned.'
"Stay safe, judge. Hillary's murderous hit squad is lurking."
"So she's finally going to prison, right?  Right?"
'Looks like a judge or a staffer is about to accidentally shoot themselves in the back of the head 4 times.'
'RIP to this judge :( '
'Opened Fox- Nothing\n\nOpened Dailywire- Nothing\n\nOpened Breitbart- Nothing\n\nOpened OANN - Nothing\n\nConservative media needs to up there game. They are a bit slow in picking up the news. Most of the news is broken first here and/or in pol and 72 hours after that it becomes headline in conservative media. \n'
'Fuck that bitch lmao'
"I take it she didn't accept the deal then? "
"It's about time! Now if only we could get rid of those nasty RINOs..."
'lock her the figgity fuck up!'
'If only she was president so we could investigate her scandals instead. '
"So every time Robert Mueller tightens the screw you go back to Hillary's emails?!?! Pathetic... "
"she will die a wretched old lady. Once all her connections have been ousted out the swamp. The victim's family will finally get justice.\n\n"
