Putin Will Use Our Loose Voter ID Laws to Meddle In Our Election Again in 2020. Don't Let It Happen! #DemandVoterID
Putin Will Use Our Loose Voter ID Laws to Meddle In Our Election Again in 2020. Don't Let It Happen! #DemandVoterID
"Really can't believe people argue against voterid. Absolutely zero arguments it that hold weight. "
'HOLY SHIT, Not only did the whole muh Russia investigation backfire on them, but we get to use their own stupid propaganda against them? Wow 10/10.'
'it would be just terrible if someone set up a fake superpac that ran commercial spots on tv promoting this.'
'You know your party is shit when your voters don’t even have ID'
'the russian bodyguard behind putin looks like he can put some hurt out.'
"We can't allow Russia to get away with it!   VOTER ID NOW"
"This reminds me of the Women in Combat memes.  *I'm fighting, too*."
'Yeah the lefties are using this exact same backward argument in the Brexit debate here in the UK. Firstly, we’re berated about how it wasn’t a free and fair election, we were lied to and influenced by Russia and that Russia meddled.  So you suggest bringing in a requirement for photo ID and the lefties shout you down for discriminating against minorities... Can’t win against that kind of backwards logic. Either you want the electoral system closed to fraud or you don’t. Simple as that. \n\nBut then lefties rely on that system: let hundreds of thousands in, fast track citizenship and tell them if the other guys win they’ll be sent home. It’s what Labour has been doing for decades here. Not to mention some Labour voters have been prosecuted in the UK for voting multiple times in last June’s election. Some bragged about it online. Idiots. These same people are the ones screaming until they’re EU-blue about electoral fraud. '
'Repurposing their retarded narratives against em\n\nLove it'
'LOL this is 100% pure persuasion. Come on dems, you gotta fight for voter ID to keep Putin and the \n\n#RUSSIAN BOTS\n\nfrom stealing yet another election!'
'Stop the russians from illegally voting in our elections!'
"Don't we verify our identification and signature in the voter registration process, and since the signatures are each verified at the polling stations, one would have to correctly forge a signature to steal a vote?"
"Demanding voter IDs don't matter if they hack the voting machines and change the vote."
'Democrats will never get on board because loose voter id laws is what allows them to meddle in our elections.'
"It's the same thing in the UK, last time I went to vote for the general elections i was surprised that they didnt require any form of identification. When i presented my ID card to the people at the voting hall said i didn't need it.\nSo if someone wanted to steal my vote, all they had to do was know my name,  and home address. "
'Foreign actors will try to sabotage our sacred elections #secureourborders #endH1B'
'As long as there is NO National ID card, ever, ever, ever! '
"I'm tired of it. He stole the election from Bernie, then from Hillary."
'Russia bad '
'warning Russian tourist visas skyrocket ahead of election!  demand ID'
'This got me thinking about voter ID a little and I just realized that thanks to this tax plan, there is no more excuse for all those poor helpless POCs to not be able to afford the 10 bucks for an ID so they can vote. '
"If we're dumb enough to put a Clinton back in the white house again be my guest Putin 😂"
"Dems don't want VoterID. It will make illegal voting more difficult."
"Can't imagine a dem politician ever supporting this.\n\nThey'd lose several million votes right off the bat and be voted out of office pronto.  In the 2016 election, it's almost a certainty that Nevada, Colorado, and New Mexico were red states whos voters were disenfranchised by the illegal vote."
'Totally OT, but man, look at the difference in height between these two! Prez kicks ass on every level! He is most definitely, da Man! '
'These people are stupid'
'Diplomacy is treason now dontcha know'
"Enemy of the people. Too many on the right are not taking our President's words to heart. The mainstream media are the foot soldiers of the Deep State.  "
'>Chairman Kim\n\nThe fucking mad man'
"The-sky-is-falling hysterical lefties cannot even pretend to rationally consider anything POTUS says or does. They can't hear or see because their mouths are open, screaming, all the time."
'This is my thoughts exactly. In the eyes of the deranged press and TDS sufferers, President Trump can do nothing right even when he’s doing everything right. '
'This is what Liberals and the Liberal Media does. They will continue to move the Goal Posts. If people would just stop giving them the attention that they desperately strive for, they would seize to exist.  '
'What\'s genius about trump is he isn\'t "complaining" hes pushing the needle,  casting fact based aspersions on a shitty media conglomerate'
'Once you understand the purpose is to hate Trump at all costs and not Trump’s actions, life will be better for you.'
'We need a new law that says if they are going to do pure propaganda you have to disclaim that you are not actually a news organization. Our education system is failing because so many just buy whatever MSM puts in front of their faces.  Students need to be taught to have free thinking.'
'Peperidge remember when the fake news were wondering if Trump could be Presidential.'
'Fake news dumbfucks gonna bitch about anything man lmao'
'Ron Paul still shit talking the globalist RINOs at age 120. Lol'
"The Kremlin has been trying to undermine democracy for 70 years. But when it's Trump, it becomes a big deal."
'Ben Shapiro was mad at this.'
'The 10 dimensional chess game just got upgraded to 20 dimensional chess. Keep fighting on, Prez. MAGA!'
'As the years go on, i find myself despising the left. '
'Damn the mods are up early!'
'Fuck Yeah!\n\nIn order to fix and improve the USA, Ron Paul should have been President for 4-5 terms, but since the USA was "polluted" by the Democrats and their cronies, it took the USA until 2016, to finally elect someone that could at least do half a decent job that Ron Paul would have done.\n\nAlthough, President Trump is no Ron Paul, but he is the next best thing.\n\nEither Ron Paul becomes President of the USA in 2024, or least allow President Trump to run for a third and fourth term, because 8 years is not enough time to fix the damages that was done by the Democrats. '
'Exactly what I said at work the day after when everyone was parroting the MSM. If the Neo Con warhawks and the Neo lib MSM warhawks are both freaking out in unison you know we have never been closer to peace.'
'RON PAUL!\n\nSTART A R3VOLUTION!\n\nBREAK DOWN ILLEGAL INSTITUTIONS!\n\nStill my favorite political song.\nhttps://youtu.be/r8UFEVYgcso'
'Opponents of Trump don\'t seem to understand that a lot of the disaffected GOP voters that delivered Trump his victory were Ron Paul supporters. It was Ron Paul who, in 2008, quipped back at Mccain\'s "you just hate America" remark with "we need an America first policy". 8 years later, we got it with Trump. It wasn\'t exactly what we wanted, but close enough.  \n\n\nNone of us have forgotten convention-gate 2012, where the GOP, in changing the rules via rule 40, removed Ron Paul\'s ability to speak at the RNC, despite holding enough of a plurality to do so. The GOP gave us the middle finger; we haven\'t forgotten that, and we won\'t forget it.'
"It's funny how the left puts all Trump supporters into one bucket, usually calling them alt-right, straight ticket republicans, but they don't see that *most* Trump supporters denounce the white supremacists, are critical about the war in Iraq and a number of republican Presidents and Senators, etc. Are willing to debate all of the current issues with facts, instead of blanket statements and emotion like the left uses. \n\n"
