'This is awesome and effective. Use the libs own stupidity against them lol...👌 '
'This is awesome lol'
'Very unrelated but pretty sure the dude in the background just looked into my soul'
'What would the libs chance to win be if we got voter id? 20%? 0%?'
'Omg I love putin now! \n-shitlibs'
"FREE Voter ID at the POLLS!!! It is not a POLL TAX if they can get a FREE ID at the POLL. ID Printers are cheap. And we should have a very serious investigation into any person who votes without an ID. Still a power bill or what ever means of proof of residency should still be valid. But we'll get their SMUG MUGS and throw their asses in jail if they're cheating!"
'Save us from the Russians!!!!!!!'
'Hillary Would have won if Voter ID had been implemented!'
'The most brilliant idea of 2018. And we’re just getting started folks.'
'Lmao I legit thought this was coming from another sub. Brilliant bait m8.'
'This is great  I  certainly would not want Putin to meddle in the 2020 election\n'
'WTF. I LOVE PUTIN NOW!\n\\\n:libtard:'
'I would prefer if I had an all in one card or something similar. If I could also lump in my health insurance as well I wouldn’t need to carry around a wallet. You can get most of the stuff on a phone but I find it awkward to hand someone my phone with the info on it.'
'Ultimately, I think the answer is a national identification card (NIC). One that is provided for free every 4 years (right in between presidential elections). If you lose it you can pay a fee for a replacement or prove that you meet certain income requirements and the fee will be subsidized by your states’ welfare funds. Let this ‘NIC’ be acceptable for anything and everything that requires a valid ID, including collecting entitlements, going to court, buying alcohol or tobacco, going to the bank, applying for a job, boarding an airplane, and of coarse... voting. Nobody gets shafted. Nobody is discriminated against. And most importantly, nobody breaks the laws (or can accuse of such either). It could also do a great deal to replace the SSN system that has been irreversibly compromised multiple times in recent years. These NICs and their database(s) could implement end-to-end encryption, or even utilize block chain technology to give Americans the most secure personal identification in the entire world. '
"Putin is a Nazi dictator but at least he doesn't believe in voter IDs so he's my hero. Impeach Trump REEEEE "
'Putin will try to screw with us in 2020 like they have in every election, because the Russian government is a corrupt enemy of the US. That doesn’t mean they’ll be successful, and voter ID laws just seem like common sense.\n\nAn ID for voting is almost always free. If you’re too lazy to get something that’s free, maybe voting isn’t right for you.'
'Dems: Russian bots are OK if they help us get the votes'
'Putin must laugh a lot thanks to western media.'
'Smartest meme yet 👍'
'I love this so much.'
'Openly convert.  Love it.'
"I'll bet anything this will actually be a thing before 2020, and if it goes the way most things go out of this sub, be entirely successful"
'Russian bot reporting for duty. We are happy to assist our American comrades!'
'So funny. I love these '
"Yeah, Democrats. Do you really want 4 more years of Putin's pro America agenda creating jobs and boosting the economy? We need VoterID now.\n\n"
'I sent this to my super liberal mom today and she replied by saying that we need to have voter ID with retinal scans, if India can have voter ID so can we. This meme works wonders, spread it pedes!!'
"Hell, Yeah, Mr President!\n\nDid I mention how much we adore your audacity to say things directly?\n\n'Cause we do.\n"
"As a Swede. Good relations between the U.S and Russia are welcome. We're in the middle"
'Kinda wish he would tweet out:\n\n"How ya doin James Gunn?"\n\nI know it has nothing to do with him, but I would love the libtard reaction.'
'Its crystal clear now that the deep state runs the country and the media is part of it. The liberals are really good at one thing and thats branding. They know pop culture influences the masses and theyre using it like seasoned professionals to move half the us population.  What else can explain this insane witchhunt they have going on trump?\n\nThe liberals literally select which facts they want the hear and leave out the ones that are useless to their agenda.  You can start with the fact that the russian investigation shouldnt even have happened.  Obama leaves office but makes it easier to get a fisa warrant and the fbi puts it to good use.  Even after that, theres a 1.5 year investigation, theres tons of evidence that comes out, but none that lead to trump.  After finding nothing, they dont stop, but keep looking for literally anything. That is a witchhunt. Lets throw in the mass media reporting nothing but fake stories on these fake accusations, which is not only on russia, but previous relationships and business dealings.  They make history by killing the lawyer, client privilege and raid Cohens office to find what exactly?  Anything.  Witchhunt.  \n\nThis president has literally accomplished more in his first year then obama did in 8.  Hes make the world safer with n. Korea and russia, yet nothing but scandals.  Every fucking demographic is doing better economically and still hes a racist.  This my friends is a witchhunt.  \n\nI literally cannot talk to liberals anymore because i feel like they are either stupid, or just prejudiced.  If you look at nothing but facts and leave out the crap on cnn, or msnbc, you cannot think trump isnt doing a great job.  Its just not possible.\n\nI really hope that the people who voted for trump go out in 2020 to vote for this hero again.  We cannot let these leaches win another elcetion ever again.  The future of america cannot be socialism.  Well end up like europe and bow down to anyone who yells at us.'
"I'm not ashamed to say I love this President. "
"the libs also had a love affair with kim's sister"
'Amen, brother. Love you Prez!'
'World Peace is treasonous!!!!!!!!'
"'Even as the mountain of solid rock remains unshaken by the wind, so too, the Wise Man remains unmoved by praise or blame..' -Buddha"
'I love a president that speaks his mind.'
'@POTUS_Schedule official account just tweeted:\n\nEqual justice  ► Fidelity, Bravery, and Integrity\n\nUnequal/Biased justice ► treachery, cowardice, and corruption'
'I wonder what the left thinks about their beloved FDR considering Executive Order 9066 (Internment Camps) and his willingness to give Stalin everything in exchange for nothing.'
'I love this man.  '
'Mr president, steady as you go. Don’t let them change what you are doing. We all trust you. We don’t care what the say anymore! MAGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸'
"democrats remind me of goldilocks.\n\nI don't give a fuck if it's too hot, too cold, too thick, too runny, too this that and the other. \n\nGet the fuck out of my house and go make your own. "
'Love him.'
'Can we get an amen please ?\n\nOur president wants a peaceful world. \n\nMAGA & MRGA! '
'Remember when reddit loved Ron Paul and libertarianism?  This site sure has changed.'
'remember when reddit used to love ron paul? '
"Whenever people like Paul Ryan or Lindsey Graham start complaining,  I know we're winning. "
"I'm going to get hate here for this. \n\nI love Donald Trump,  but honestly, I love Ron Paul more. He is just amazing. "
"Douglas Feith, Paul Wolfowitz, Madeline Albright, Richard Pearle......\n\nThey all share something in common and it just isn't Globalist wars"
'I love Ron Paul '
"I never thought I'd grow to like the Pauls. I always thought of them as too much of isolationists. In reality, they just want what they feel is best for America and not what is best for their bank accounts. "
"Its fine we put the Democrats to Sleep. \nAnd put the globalists to sleep \nWalk away from Dems,Walk to Peace.\nMidterms will decide whether or  Not Trump prevents deep state from WW3 With Russia. If the dems win midterms, all the progress hes made foreign policy wise will be undone.\nRed wave is seriously not just a Hope , it's a Necessity for America. "
'Russia has the potential to be another economic and military democratic powerhouse with a strong middle class, like the United States. Then countries like India, Pakistan, and finally China move in that direction and it is *over* for globalism. '
'CIA operates under the executive branch, yet they go and mislead the president and Congress. They truly are working rogue and shadow government like. '
'Remember when Ron Paul was well liked across Reddit (a former website of widespread intellectualism and creativity)? Now the like for him is closed off to one subreddit while the rest of the website has turned against him due to the media telling them to. \n\nIf you don’t believe Ron Paul is for America at the most basic levels of understanding, please go back to square one and re-evaluate what you actually believe and do not believe. \n\nThe man has stood for the USA and it’s citizens (almost to a point of being too idealogical (which is a good thing)) since the time of his career (and not necessarily political either). Thank you, *Dr.* Paul, from The_Donald, and every other unaware, even resentful citizen. '
'It’s amazing, trump is truly changing the republican party for the better.'
'This is one thing that has stood out to me for a good year now. Styxhexenhammer has a good rant about this from a while ago.\n\nLiberals were always "against the man". It is part of what made them liberal from the 60s through the early 2000s. Forty years of opposition to the man.\n\nToday, liberals worship at the feet of big government, and the CIA cannot tell a lie. It\'s unbelievable. They take as gospel the very words coming from the MSM that they used to abhor. This should be something that is studied by political scientists and psychologists and media effects experts. It\'s the propagandists wet dream come true, but it\'s actually kind of scary that a group this large can collectively have principles of their core ideal changed like this by a psychological operation.'
