'The_mueller? I hope they crash and burn worst than The_meltdown'
"I say let them. When Mueller arrests the Podestas they'll be extra salty."
'Not doing a very good job of it.  Some tv show or movie gets to the top of my DuckDuckGo results for American Hero.'
'Yet they’ve still got to steal our The_X format. '
"That sub is just more evidence of the left's inability to meme. SAD!"
'It always backfires on them. Just be patient. They will be proactively banning Pedes in no time. '
"What a sad ripoff the_mueller is... Proof they can't even meme"
'Not sure what picture triggers cucks more, this one or [this one](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/874276197357596672/kUuht00m_400x400.jpg)?'
'Let them have their gay little subs, we have the Presidency and will have it for the next 7 years. Also, are they willing to take to the streets and die for their "hero" if it comes to that? Because we will for Trump.'
"Why exactly are they worshiping Mueller? They found nothing on Trump, hes not even mentioned once. It's just some Manafort tax related shit from years ago. Didn't they expect some kind of big story about how all this connected to the muh Russia story?"
"I have been part of the silent majority for most my life.  I hold dear the values.\n\nBut the silent part I'm starting to abandon.  I'm no longer going to be silent.  And I'm not compromising Pede values. "
'What the fuck is The_Mueller?'
'I.just learned about that cucked sub yesterday. I have seen shitlibs practically circle jerk while talking about Mueller lately. '
"That's gotta be the most cucked subreddit ever. Let's see how fast I can get banned from it. "
'Sun will die when the Podesta indictments  fly. '
'Meme wars'
'Can we not play these games with them?'
'This is rather pathetic of them.'
"Mueller hired anti trump lawyers so Hillary and Podesta can't :)"
'Mueller = Dirty Cop'
"They're going to be sad when he starts implicating their side of beef."
'Most of Reddit is just really not creative.\n\nHow many "The_X" format anti-Trump subreddits have there been? It\'s not funny or original. These kids can\'t meme.\n\nFortunately, they also can\'t vote.'
'Nothing to see here. Podesta will get full immunity in exchange for his secret testimony which will result in the investigation being closed. Straight out of page 63 of the FBI playbook for burying a Clinton Scandal. '
"C'mon guys, this is why no one takes us seriously.  Get the name right.  *The Pedoesta Group."
'Just hit Fox News.  It\'s "morphed into a criminal investigation."\n\nDoocy is almost giddy.'
'Prison cells or none of it means a thing. '
"Mueller and Comey don't strike me as investigating anything in order to bring justice to criminals.  More of being crooked politician protectors.  I fear nothing of consequence will come of what should be at the very least a MAJOR investigation into the Clintons. "
"Yeah... because this investigation is about destroying evidence, not gathering it. Now they have their excuse to comb through the Podesta Group and make sure they've covered their tracks."
'Back when Reagan was elected the Democrats made the stupid claim that as an un-elected candidate Reagan made a deal with Iran, and they called it the "October Surprise." Their stupid clam was that this candidate was able to get Iran to agree to release the hostages after the election to make Reagan look good, while Carter was not able, as President, to get the job done.\n\nThere was an investigation. It turned out that the existing Carter Admin was actually trying to make a deal, and get an October Surprise so Jimmy would be re-elected. So when that came out, the investigation was dropped and the Dems still blamed Reagan, and they do to this day. \n\nIt looks like the same thing is happening all over again.'
'The only reason Mueller is doing this is so he can access all of the evidence against Podesta, Clinton, Comey, himself, and all the other corrupt slimy pieces of shit involved.\nHE SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO ACCESS EVIDENCE IN THE URANIUM 1 CASE.\nHe WILL erase all of it, and then the Clintons will of course come out and say, "See, we told you we were innocent"'
"Don't trust this. "
'I am wary they will try to destroy evidence.'
'Mueller’s totally unbiased punishment: banishment to Epstein Isle.  '
'Is this related to that kid saying Mueller will be fired?  Seems like this would keep that from happening.  Fucking crazy.'
'\\> under investigation\n\nExcellent!\n\n\\> ...by Mueller\n\nWell now that just fills me right the fuck up with confidence.'
'Ya think ya hawt shit dont ga'
'Is there any reason I shouldn\'t believe that Mueller is just "investigating" his own team to destroy evidence?  '
"Democrats are already trying to 'demand' President Trump [not to fire Mueller.](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/feb/2/democratic-leaders-tell-trump-not-use-memo-fire-ro/)"
"apology for poor english\n\nwhen were you when bob mueller investigation dies?\n\ni was sat at gender studies class eating cold tendies when nunes ring\n\n'memo is release'\n\n'no'"
"Heads are going to roll. Rosenstein was the one who started this shitshow from the beginning. And he knew damn well Steele's dossier was a sham in 2016 and lied about it when he signed off on spying on Trump. He was afraid of Clinton. "
"Rotten to the core.  Lets face it once President Trump fired Comey (in a spetacular way)  all of a sudden it went fast to a special council. Way Way Fast. Like it was all prearranged. That's when I figured it out. Sometimes your gut feeling is telling you something is not right"
'Whether you 100 percent believe the memo or not you should be asking for an investigation. Anyone who deflects and suggest that it shouldn’t be looked into believes it’s real, and doesn’t want it proved.\n\nThe fact is if you believe it’s real you want it investigated. If you are unsure then you want it investigated. If you believe it’s a Republican conspiracy you want it investigated for the truth.\n'
"Doesn't this mean that even if Trump were guilty they couldn't touch him?"
"Director of GCHQ, the British spy agency, resigned 3 days after Trump's inauguration, age 51"
'Downvoting shills should be ashamed of themselves'
'Please let Comey keep his Twitter in prison. Where else am I going to get my daily dose of stupid.'
'Literally every Globalist snake right now is pushing the narrative that the memo is a nothing burger and that the president has no reason to fire Rosenstein or Muller because of it. \n\nEvery Liberal in the Media and even Paul Ryan was called in by his masters to push the narrative. '
"An important point I didn't see mentioned was that the dossier was leaked to Yahoo news who then wrote an article about it.  The FBI then took that yahoo news article to FISA court to support their request... that's poison fruit. "
"This isn't the first time the FBI has been caught red handed being a corrupt beauracracy used as a political weapon rather than a law enforcement agency. The difference now is that this is one of the few times the corruption has been uncovered with those responsible still around to be held accountable. Any shill who says we should just 'trust the FBI' has no understanding of history and no objectivity as it's been used as a political weapon by both the left and the right in the past. "
'expect Mueller to leak something on team Trump to counter this memo'
"I think we're also all missing the biggest point here. Despite all this corruption HILLARY STILL LOST."
'We gather here today to spit on the grave of the DNC, press S to spit'
' These people need to be locked up for trying to overthrow the POTUS ,this is treason !'
'Hillary lost, and they never got over it.'
'I bet there are hundreds of dick pics'
'Strzok text: "I can\'t believe the fake Dosier actually worked! Want to give me a blowie before our 2pm"?'
"FBI Statement: Special Agent Peter Strzok has reviewed these 10,000 text messages in the past hour, and while they may have been ~~grossly negligent~~ extremely careless, we've come to the conclusion that no reasonable prosecutor would bring charges."
'Several months needed to retract all the shitty things they said about Trump and all the things they let Hillary and rest of the scumbags slide on.'
'Damn.....I hope this ass had the unlimited text plan good grief '
'#HIGH ~~MISDEMEANORS~~ FELONIES'
'#**SHUT THAT SHIT DOWN**'
"Mother's funeral was a very complicated affair...."
'How fucking stupid are these people my god'
'Trump hasn’t been proven wrong once. '
'Fire Mueller. '
"Could you imagine having your dick pics sent to the House Intelligence Committee. \n\nThey were having an affair.  There were dick pics.  And......other things I'm sure.  "
'Shut down the FBI and fire everyone!'
"This guy's a fucking cuck. Partisan prick. "
'How many dick pics? '
"Gee, guys...I'm starting to think that this Mueller fellow might be a slightly biased piece of shit."
"They're not even trying to hide their bias against Trump anymore. It really is a witch hunt."
'So the scope of this guys investigation is whatever the fuck he wants it to be and its over when he says its over? THATS SO NORMAL!'
'Mueller can go shove a cactus up his ass'
"They're desperate to pin anything on POTUS.  It's not going to stick, again. Sorry libshits!"
'And this is proof of what crime, exactly? Liberals are out of their fucking minds.'
"1. Attack Trump continuously.\n2. Take back House and Senate \n3. Take the guns away.\n4. Remove Trump from office.\n5. Never give back the country.\n\nThat's the plan. When are we going to do something about it?"
"That's fair right!?!? You know Hill-dog had good intentions so it's no biggie for her. That Drumpf, I heard he also stole money from Haiti and had a few people killed. What about those emails Drumpf had that were supposed to be classified but he had them on a private server so the Russians can spy on us!!!! Dduuurrruuummmppfffff!!!!!!"
' #Where is the ACLU? This is a clear violation of Attorney-Client privilege!'
'Why the panic on here?\n\nThis is going to take a sharp \n\n###LEFT\n\n\nturn just like with Flynn, Manafort, etc.'
"Bbbbbbbut she didn't win hurr durr"
"Sessions, you need to un-recuse yourself and put an end to this farce. If you don't, you're part of the swamp that needs draining."
'The train has too many passengers now, if they pull some funny shit on our pres this country will be in a fucking uproar!!!'
'i say impeach = civil war.  no peaceful way that i can see.'
"Seriously, that's what this is about.  More and more evidence that this is in fact a witch hunt."
'It’s this kind of overt double standard that makes me think if they charge him we may end up in a civil war'
"Why are we linking to a website like the dailycaller? I'm not giving those swamp fake media creatures a single eyeball. "
'Time to fire this guy...  This is turning into a Witch hunt...'
'Maybe, but we have to remember that Trump is POTUS, not her.\n\nYou can never let these special prosecutors get started because they will find something. \n\nSessions has been Trumps biggest screw up and could be his ultimate downfall.'
'The deep state wants Trump to fire Mueller because it will give them grounds for impeachment.'
'Mueller is a first class POS and traitor.  Corrupt to the core.  Wants to take out our duly elected great President. Drop dead Mueller!'
'This whole fake investigation needs to be shut down.'
'One bullet can have more influence than all the protests and votes in the world.'
"They'll find a way to drag this out for another 7 years. "
'Happened a month ago ... no leaks about it... hmmm... wonder why 🤔'
"Never trust Mueller, this man's a snake."
'In my 29 years on this planet, I\'ve never seen something more transparently dumb than this "Russia collusion" investigation.'
'End this illegal charade sooner than later please. '
'This is just further proof that they’re trying to get him on a procedural crime. They want him to feel like he can testify so they can point to some contradiction and say “PERJURY!”'
"CNN says this is a sign that he's a target of a criminal investigation, which is troubling....but at least Jeffrey Toobin was honest enough to say that the typical advice to someone in GEOTUS'S position would be to plead the 5th and you're likely to skate clean.\n\nPlead the 5th, GEOTUS...let Mueller suck our collective dicks."
'Does Mueller know that he IS a Criminal target in the very near Future?'
"Holy shit. My mom came into my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed at her and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand. She started yelling and swearing at me and I slammed the door on her. I’m so distressed right now I don’t know what to do. I didn’t mean to do that to my mom but I’m literally in shock from hearing this. I feel like I’m going to explode. Why the fucking fuck isn't he being arrested? This can’t be happening. I’m having a fucking breakdown. I don’t want to believe the Special Council is so corrupt. I want a future to believe in. I want Drumpf to be inpeached so we can fix this broken country. I cannot fucking deal with this right now. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, I thought Mueller was supposed to be issuing indictments any day now???? This is so fucked."
'absurd..an unelected official can talk like this to the president of the united states...so insane, i dont know how trump puts up with this shit. i dont blame him for looking for new lawyers. the current crop? they aint good enough'
"Breaking +++  You cant impeach a president just because he says mean things you don't like ++ \n"
'This is setup to get Trump to sit down with Muller, which is a trap. Trump must not sit with him. Ever. '
"There won't be obstruction charges because there was not obstruction.  There won't be charges of coordinating hacks of the DNC because there was no coordination.  \n\nThis entire thing is a political farce.  Sure, there will be some random charges on small stuff just to give plausible deniability or something for appease the zealots.  \n\nBut in the end there will be years of breathless coverage indicating one thing, where the coverage itself was always the end game, but then it will end in nothing.  This is no different than when the media grossly under reported Trump's chances of winning in belief that it would sway voters into thinking that voting Trump was something that only very rare weirdo's would do.  \n\nIt is all manufactured.  There are 6 companies that control the entirety of the media.  They coordinate with elements of the two major US political parties, and various other people in various other institutions.  Bunch of damn troublemakers.  "
'My Kek Dream is for Trump to agree to a meeting and when Mueller arrives, his White House counsel swears in Mueller. When Mueller asks what\'s going on, Trump replies, "We obviously didn\'t communicate clearly. We\'re here to discuss your treason, not mine." Then Mattis walks in the door and places Mueller under arrest. Mueller will shout, "Your days are numbered!" And Trump would say, "My days have just begun...", clicking on the TV set to show that the cabal is being arrested by the military. '
"If he's not a criminal target ,then there's no reason to ever sit down and talk to Mueller. \n\nGo fuck yourself Mueller,  at this time and every other time."
"All this time it's been opposition research, he's handing the dems any info he finds. Also if it's past the Russian bullshit why is he still employed?"
'Does this mean we may finally be done with this collusion shit? probably not'
'why the fuck is mueller even still employed and not in prison??? get with the picture sessions'
'Spam this to news would be biggly.'
'Goddamnit. Stop doing things that make me reconsider Mueller being /ourguy/'
'This is what he is going to do.. Say Trump colluded with Russia, but he cannot indict a sitting president.. all fake news.. get ready for it.'
'I firmly believe this will never end.  They will never be satisfied so they will dig and dig and dig and dig and dig and dig etc.'
'Oh no, That sucks'
'CNN Breaking News: Is Mueller part of the secret Russian plot to undermine US democracy. Our panel of sexperts and pornalist will discuss'
"That's nice... still not getting your trap interview with our President. \n\nTime to end this farce of an investigation. \n\n"
'What a fucking waste of money and resources'
'Everyone here saying they are going to try and impeach Trump are forgetting one thing. Let’s say they go for it due to wins in the midterms. It’s not like they vote and it’s done. Trump would get a hearing after it passed the House in the senate over seen by the chief Justice. If it involves Russia at all Trump would be able to call witnesses to make his case that he was set up and the questions being thrown at people like Brennen, Comey, Rice, Strozk, Page, Ohr, Yates, Veslnetzkyia, Simpson, who ever is the FBI spy is and maybe even obama would be by Trumps own Hostile Lawyers. It would be a blood bath and it would also be the most televised event in history. If you think anyone of the haters will ever allow that you need to rethink this situation. There’s a reason even dems we’re saying to forget about impeachment months ago. '
'So can they end this waste of taxpayer dollars or what?\n\nWorst fishing trip ever.'
'LIBERAL TEARS ARE BACK IN THE MENU, BOYS! '
'WTF MUELLER IS A RUSSIAN NOW'
'Now lets wait till the dominos start to collapse. All the crooked dems are going down.'
"# Buzzfeed: Trump won't be indicted.  Here's why that's bad for Trump."
'Lets hear it Mad Maxine'
'What a waste of time and money. How much is this thing costing so far?'
'About fucking time they admitted it.  No collusion!'
"Finally it's over. Now we can fire brickface without all the excuses from the left. "
'The "Trump-Russia Collusion" investigation has been going on now for almost as long as the entirety of the Watergate investigation (from the attempted bugging of the Watergate hotel to the House charging Nixon with obstruction of justice and filing for impeachment) and all Mueller has been able to come up with is 13 independent Russian trolls who posted memes for and against every candidate and allegedly organized both pro and anti-Trump rallies. Meanwhile, the mountains of evidence showing that Trump himself was victim of a Watergate-esque conspiracy by the Obama administration and DNC goes completely ignored and I have zero faith that any of them will face justice for it.\n\nWhat pisses me off too is that when this farce is eventually ended, all the braindead leftists will say it was still necessary to "ensure the legitimacy of Trump\'s administration" or some such bullshit rather than recognizing it for the desperate attempt by an opposing political party to remove a duly elected president under any possible justification, and getting *pissed* about it.'
"This whole fiasco is a set up for the left. Trump is letting them play police and scrutinizing every detail of his campaign. Once it is over, what can the left say about hillary and dogs being investigated. ? We were investigated. Why can't they be investigated. Hillary is shitting her depends./ "
'...there is still no evidence of collusion...'
'Janitor has unpaid ticket.\n\nMovies have Tickets.\n\nYou can get movies from Red Box.\n\nRed is the color of fire trucks.\n\nFire trucks are always rushin.\n\nRUSSIAN.\n\nGET THE FISA WARRANT'
'The Left: But Watergate took 3 years, rEEEEEE.\n\nSpecial counsel was appointed to Watergate after a crime had already been committed.\n\n'
'Mueller is gonna drag this out long enough to see how the midterm elections pan out.  If (God forbid) the Dems take over congress they will try to impeach Trump on ginned up charges.  If the GOP retain control, the investigation will fizzle out after they charge a lower level scapegoat to save face.  I could be wrong but that is my take.  Very important to GO VOTE IN THE MIDTERMS!! '
"You have to be a complete moron to think Trump was actually scheming with the Russians to win the election. A complete f'ing moron"
'“I mean, what Bob did is he built a case around the Janitor. “\n\nFuckin stupid fuckin people thinking their experts in politics law all of a sudden. '
'This thing is an effing farce. SHUT IT DOWN ALREADY.'
'This investigation is like an Interupted Shit, cant be flushed and wont go away.'
"This farce has gone on long enough. It's time for patriots to demand it end."
'The Trump-haters are going to lose their fucking minds when Mueller decides there is nothing to the Trump v Russia controversy. Watch how they will turn on him'
"I can't wait until this chipmunk faced fool is put under the microscope."
'Hopefully Mueller is long dead by then.'
